Link: profile
Link: dns-prefetch
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Feed (alternate)
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Comments Feed (alternate)
Link: preconnect
Link: preconnect
Link: https://api.w.org/
Link: alternate
Link: RSD (EditURI)
Link: canonical
Link: shortlink
Link: alternate
Link: alternate
Skip to content
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Ye Must Be Born Again

Main Menu

• HOME
• STORE
• ABOUT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD MINISTRIES
• BELIEFS
• CONTACT
• KING JAMES BIBLE TO READ AND LISTEN TO
• KING JAMES BIBLE WORDS AND PHRASES DEFINED
• WHY WE MUST BE BORN AGAIN
• WHAT MUST I DO TO BE SAVED (BE BORN AGAIN), HAVE ETERNAL LIFE AND GO
TO HEAVEN?
• NOW THAT I AM A BORN AGAIN CHRISTIAN, HOW DO I GROW (MATURE)?
• PROOF THAT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD
• SERMONS AND SCRIPTURE LESSONSMenu Toggle

• 3:16 Verses
• Abraham the obedient father and type of God the Father
• According to the word of the LORD
• Alleged Contradictions in Scripture
• Angels and spiritual beings
• Animals Teaching Man  
• Be like Jesus
• Be Thankful
• Bread in Scripture
• Christian Martyrs for Jesus
• Colors in Scripture
• Curse Israel and you will be cursed
• Dangers of Calvinism
• Deadliest battles in scripture
• Deserts in scripture and in our lives
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism
• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freedom and Liberty come from God
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise
• From the resurrection to the ascension
• Genealogies of Jesus
• Gifts of the Holy Ghost
• God is Light
• God is Love
• God the Holy Ghost
• Halloween and the connection to Satan
• Honour Thy Mother
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus is the door that all must enter for everlasting life
• Jesus is the Light of the World and Christians Should Reflect
that Light
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jesus versus Mohammad
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Jonah
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Jude
• Malachi   
• Martyrs in the Lord's Army
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Nahum
• Nehemiah 3 and the ten gates of the Jerusalem wall
• Obadiah
• Our Nation Was Founded Upon God
• Philemon
• Prayer
• Pre-incarnate Appearances of Jesus (Theophanies)
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Proof that Jesus is God
• Prophecies Fulfilled by Jesus at his First Coming
• Prophecies of the Second Coming of Jesus
• Psalm 23
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines
• Santa is Satan and his little elves are devils
• Serve in the Lord's Army
• Seven Vial Judgments of Revelation
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  
• Star of Bethlehem
• Thankful people in scripture  
• The Battle of Gog and Magog
• The Books of God
• The Crucifixion of Jesus
• The Egyptian gods and goddesses of the ten plagues and their
judgment and defeat by the God of gods
• The Exodus   
• The Good Samaritan
• The Gospel in Stone
• The Gospel in the Stars
• The Greatest Father Anyone Can Have And Everyone Needs
• The Handwriting of God
• The Illegal Trial of Jesus
• The King James Bible Built-in Dictionary
• The Miracles at the Crucifixion of Jesus
• The New Year's resolutions that need to be kept
• The Number Seven in Scripture
• The Number Three in Scripture  
• The Riotous Son
• The True Creationism of the Scriptures versus False Theories
• The Unscriptural Flat Earth Theory
• The Unscriptural Lucifer Flood  
• The Widow Woman and the Oil  
• The Word Became Flesh
• Types of the Holy Ghost in scripture
• Was Jesus born on Christmas?
• Was Jesus Crucified on Friday?
• Water in Scripture
• Weather in scripture
• Who are the sons of God of Genesis 6?
• Work is from God
• Worshipping God in psalms, hymns, and spiritual songs
• Zephaniah

• VIDEOS
• HYMNS
• FOR PRECIOUS JEWISH SOULSMenu Toggle

• Meet the Jewish Messiah
• False Religion of Judaism
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  

• FOR PRECIOUS ROMAN CATHOLIC SOULSMenu Toggle

• False Doctrines of Roman Catholicism
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• CULTSMenu Toggle

• Roman CatholicismMenu Toggle

• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism

• FALSE RELIGIONSMenu Toggle

• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise

• RECOMMENDED BOOKS FOR READING
• LINKS
• CHECKOUT
• New items are available in the store for purchase.

0

Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise

Freemasonry is Satanism in disguise and a false religion. Freemasonry
is definitely a religion, even the Roman Catholic Church agrees. You see
athletes, movie stars, rock and roll singers, politicians, judges, and
many others flashing their Freemasonry signs. Criminals will often get off
if the judge is a brother Freemason. Many business owners are Freemasons
so they can have great success and get rich. Most funeral homes are owned
by Freemasons so they have access to bodies for secret satanic rituals.
Many cops and physicians are also Freemasons. Many Jews are Freemasons.
Why would non-Christians join a "Christian" organization? It is because it
is not Christian.  People of all religions may join as long as they
acknowledge a supreme being. Freemasons are usually just called Masons.
Their symbols are everywhere such as the square and compass stickers on
cars and throughout our city buildings. Most people do not see Freemasonry
as a religion, but just a bunch of good old boys helping children or other
causes with the Shriners and other such things. These causes are just the
cover up to appear as good people, but in reality they worship Satan. No
Christian should be a Freemason or support any of their causes even if you
think you are doing it for the children. Do not support Satan or condone
his work. You can help children in other ways if that is your concern.
Nearly every politician in the world is a Freemason as are most in
Hollywood, singers, and athletes. Freemasonry along with the Vatican is
responsible for the coming New World Order. The leaders of Freemasonry are
helping the pope to be the leader of the New World Order.

Freemasonry was started by the Roman Catholic Church on June 24, 1717
in England, supposedly in a pub. Many Masons claim that it has been around
much longer and is mentioned in the Bible in Genesis 11:3 at the tower of
Babel. The word mason is never used here but talks of making bricks.
Masons as a job is a real job. This is people who do brick work and are
not necessarily Freemasons and it is these workers that scripture is
referring to, not Freemasons. I have heard professing Christians who use
this verse, including a Baptist deacon, to try and justify that it is ok
to be a Freemason when it is not. All seven uses of the word mason in
scripture refer to the job and not the false religion of Freemasonry. Many
Masons also claim Freemasonry traces back to king Solomon. Freemasonry was
started as a secret way to start working on bringing in the New World
Order. Its purpose from the beginning has always been evil, but they
outwardly appear as good people and that was done intentionally in order
to deceive people to be able to secretly set up the New World Order
without anyone suspecting them. The Roman Catholic Church for many years
publicly forbad any Roman Catholic from being a Freemason as they did not
want the lay Roman Catholic to know what really was going on behind closed
doors. The reality is that most if not all popes since the founding as
well as most cardinals and many bishops have all been Freemasons. The pope
will one day be set up as the antichrist with help from the Freemasons
which was the sole purpose of creating them. The top Freemasons give
secret orders to world leaders and tell them what to do such as attack
nations, get rid of someone, or what laws to pass. The current plandemic
was started by the Freemasons with the sole purpose of preparing the
people to be obedient to the government at all costs and to obey them.
This was why they wanted the masks and social distancing as well as the
mandatory vaccine in order to get people used to doing what they were
told. The use of masks and the six foot social distance all have
connections to Satan. Satanists often wear a mask to hide from Satan and
the six feet is connected to the number of the beast. This is why at the
beginning of the plandemic, there was people wanting the social distance
to be 15 feet apart or other numbers, but the governments insisted on six
feet since this is connected to Satan. It had nothing to do with the
health of people. This is why they also forced people to wear masks when
there was absolutely no need to and in fact increased the infection rate
by those who wore them. The governments ignored true science. The
mandatory vaccine is preparing people for the soon coming mark of the
beast so that they will not question the government "who knows best".
Freemasonry is behind most of the laws bringing in socialism not only here
in the United States of America, but also around the world.

I said Freemasonry is a religion. Masons worship in Masonic temples
that are found around the world. The Jews had the temple and Hindus and
other religions also worship in temples. If it is not a religion, then why
would you call your building were you gather a temple? Many people usually
refer to the building as a lodge, but this is incorrect as the building is
a temple and the people gather together as a lodge at the temple. Each
local lodge is under a Grand Lodge. Inside the temple or lodge you will
usually find a large family size King James Bible and it will be opened to
show the appearance that Freemasons are Christians. This is meant to
comfort any new converts. It will sit there and not be used. The King
James Bible is used by Satan since he knows it is the true word of God and
this is done as a way to blasphemy and desecrate the word of God. Many
professing Christians are Freemasons and the church wonders why it cannot
have revivals. The Southern Baptist Convention did a study in 1993 and
found that Freemasonry was not compatible with Christianity yet the coward
leaders refused to prohibit its members from being Freemasons or condemn
those who were and kick them out as a large percentage of the Southern
Baptist preachers were and still are Freemasons. Besides most preachers
being Freemasons, many of the deacons as well as the general member are
also Freemasons. With such a high percentage of Freemasons and especially
among the leaders, no wonder the Southern Baptists have so many problems.
I have preached at Southern Baptist churches and have mentioned the evil
of Freemasonry and I was not sure I would not be stoned to death. Needless
to say I was never invited back to preach at those churches again. It is
sad and a disgrace that so many preachers are so spiritually blind to the
satanic connection of Freemasonry as are most members of the church that
they would rather have you bad mouth Jesus than Freemasonry. Many of these
same pastors vote Democrat to support these evil leaders. Even those
pastors who do not belong to Freemasonry, most do not see anything wrong
with it or are gutless to say anything about it if they do, especially
Southern Baptist pastors since so many are Freemasons. One study estimated
at least 37% of all Freemasons in America are Southern Baptists. This
shows how much Satan has been influencing the church as Southern Baptists
are one of the denominations that are closer biblically to scripture than
most denominations. Satan and Freemasons do not care as much about the
other denominations as in many churches Satan already controls the
leaders. God will never bless a church where the pastor and/or deacons are
Freemasons. (II Corinthians 6:14-17 Be ye not unequally yoked together
with unbelievers: for what fellowship hath righteousness with
unrighteousness? and what communion hath light with darkness?
15 And what concord hath Christ with Belial? or what part hath he that
believeth with an infidel?
16 And what agreement hath the temple of God with idols? for ye are the
temple of the living God; as God hath said, I will dwell in them, and walk
in them; and I will be their God, and they shall be my people.
17 Wherefore come out from among them, and be ye separate, saith the Lord,
and touch not the unclean thing; and I will receive you,)

Freemasonry is a secret society that only those who are invited may
attend. You do not just go to a lodge (Masonic Temple) and walk in
uninvited and say I want to find out what you teach. No secret societies
allow this. When I was ordained anyone was allowed to come to it and see
it, but when a Freemason gets his initiation ceremony to the next level no
one is invited unless you are invited by the person and even then the
people attending must be Freemasons of at least the same level or above
that the person the ceremony is being held for is being initiated into.
For example, if someone is being initiated to become a 32 degree Mason,
then those attending must be at least a 32nd or 33^rd degree Mason. No
Mason lower can attend as these levels are secret to all of those below.
No one knows what will happen at their ceremony as it is secret. I knew
exactly what was going to happen at my ordination ceremony. God condemns
secret societies and all secret societies are up to no good or else they
would not be secret. If the Freemasons were truly Christians as many
believe then they would allow anyone in just as anyone is welcome to come
hear me preach or they can listen to my sermons online. My beliefs are
fully made public whereas the true beliefs of Freemasons are secret and
even most Freemasons do not know as only the top level or levels know the
truth. All Freemasons are required to make a profession of a God, yet it
is never specified what God. In fact Freemasons refer to God as the Great
Architect of the Universe which is pure blasphemy. This is done since many
religions are Freemasons and this way no one offends their god and this is
also done to get weak Christians or Christians in name only to join. This
way all can still pray to their god. The god of Freemasonry is not the God
of scripture. God said we cannot worship him and heathen gods at the same
time. (I Corinthians 10:20-22 But I say, that the things which the
Gentiles sacrifice, they sacrifice to devils, and not to God: and I would
not that ye should have fellowship with devils.
21Ye cannot drink the cup of the Lord, and the cup of devils: ye cannot be
partakers of the Lord's table, and of the table of devils.
22 Do we provoke the Lord to jealousy? are we stronger than he?) These
verses are clear that a Christian cannot be worshipping God and also be
worshipping the god of Freemasonry at the same time. God will never
approve of such a thing. A few verses are sometimes read in a lodge
meeting for some ceremonies, but as a rule the Bible is not read. No one
is allowed to talk any religion in the lodge and especially is forbidden
to mention the name of Jesus as Freemasons hate Jesus, therefore any true
Christian that is in there is forbidden from witnessing and leading people
to Jesus. Jesus is sometimes mentioned at the lowest levels to once again
deceive the newcomers. Once they move up the ranks and are committed then
Jesus becomes much less important. Those inside will often become non soul
winners as they feel it is more important to obey the lodge than they do
God. Freemasons are not to try and win souls outside of the lodge either.
When a person joins they must take an oath denying Jesus. They are asked
"Who comes here?" and they respond I'm in darkness and I want to be
brought to light". Jesus is the light of the world and a Christian is
denying this and saying Satan is the light and Jesus is darkness. Satan is
the darkness, not the light. (John 8:12 ¶ Then spake Jesus again unto
them, saying, I am the light of the world: he that followeth me shall not
walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life.) (John 12:46 I am come
a light into the world, that whosoever believeth on me should not abide in
darkness.) (Acts 26:18 To open their eyes, and to turn them from darkness
to light, and from the power of Satan unto God, that they may receive
forgiveness of sins, and inheritance among them which are sanctified by
faith that is in me.) (Ephesians 5:8-13 For ye were sometimes darkness,
but now are ye light in the Lord: walk as children of light:
9 (For the fruit of the Spirit is in all goodness and righteousness and
truth;)
10 Proving what is acceptable unto the Lord.
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but
rather reprove them.
12 For it is a shame even to speak of those things which are done of them
in secret.
13 But all things that are reproved are made manifest by the light: for
whatsoever doth make manifest is light.) Jesus said if you deny me, I will
deny you before the Father. (Matthew 10:33 But whosoever shall deny me
before men, him will I also deny before my Father which is in heaven.) I
do not see how anyone who professes to be a Christian can be a Freemason
especially at the highest levels as at those levels it is no longer hidden
that for Freemasons Satan (Lucifer) is their god. I believe many of those
in the church who are Freemasons are nothing more than wolves in sheep's
clothing and are not true Christians or at the very least are very weak
Christians. Freemasons always put being a Mason before Jesus and being a
Christian. They will be faithful to attend the lodge, but not the church
and faithful to pay the lodge their annual dues, but will not tithe the
church. Those wishing to join Freemasonry also pay an initiation fee that
is higher than the annual fee. No money is required to join a church.  

Freemasonry is a religion that is full of occult symbols including on
its temples. In reality the god of Freemasonry is Satan who they refer to
as Baphomet, the goat god. This is only known at the highest levels. A
good video on the religion and evil of Freemasonry is the YouTube video
X-Factor Winner Reveals World's Secret Religion by a former 33 degree
Freemason who got saved and is now trying to warn the world about the
deception and evil of Freemasonry. He knows he is risking his life by
revealing the truth about Freemasonry as all Freemasons take an oath under
threat of death to never reveal the secrets of Freemasonry. Why would a
Christian take such an oath? Satanism is the open worship of Satan,
whereas Freemasonry is the secret or hidden worship of Satan. Freemasonry
is the public version of Satanism that is used to deceive the world and to
do the behind the scenes things necessary to bring in the New World Order.
It is also used to bring in money. Freemasonry is witchcraft and in fact
Masonry often refers to the craft. They say this means the stone building
done by masons, but in reality refers to witchcraft as craft is the
shortened term for witchcraft. Witches themselves say they are masters of
the craft.

Freemasonry is the main umbrella for many organizations. Freemasonry
is for men only with the Eastern Stars for women. DeMolay is the
organization for young males ages 12-21 that prepares you for becoming a
Freemason. DeMolay is named after the last Grand Master of the Knights
Templar that was a Roman Catholic military organization for the Papal
States that fought in the Crusades during the Dark Ages and was a satanic
organization that was heavy into the occult and worship of Satan, yet we
see the DeMolay is named after its leader. A Christian organization should
get as far as it could from such a connection yet I have seen many
Southern Baptists who flocked with glee to the DeMolay ice cream stand at
Homecomers to buy the ice cream at all costs even when told the truth
about Freemasonry. Homemade ice cream before Jesus. Such a disgrace. Job's
Daughters is the equivalent for girls ages 10-20 before going into the
Eastern Stars. A similar Masonic order for girls for the same ages of
10-20 is Rainbow Girls that follows the Scottish Rite. Freemasonry claims
to be Christian, yet they allow in any of these groups people of any
religion. The only thing is that the person must believe in a Supreme
Being. This shows it is not Christian. They also require believing in a
Supreme Being so that if a Freemason reaches the top level they will be
ready to worship Satan or Lucifer as they call him. Satanists have less
respect for atheists than they do Christians as Christians at least
believe in God though not the same god as Satanists. Satanists and top
level Freemasons know that Satan is real as is the spiritual world. No
Christian should be a member of any of these organizations or support them
in any way whether monetarily or otherwise. By doing so you are supporting
the work of Satan and the coming New World Order. Many say their uncle,
dad, brother, or other relative was a Mason so it is ok. It is not and
this is not an excuse. This includes supporting the Shriners who are
another arm of the Freemasons. The Ancient Arabic Order of the Nobles of
the Mystic Shrine or Shriners as they are normally referred to as runs the
Shriners Hospitals for Children, a total of 22 of them. They also do other
social programs. Do not donate to the hospitals just because you feel for
the children. God will take care of the children without Christians and
churches donating money to them and supporting a satanic group. I know of
churches, including Southern Baptist churches, that donate to the Shriner
hospitals. Do not do it and be a part of it. These activities are only
being done by the Freemasons to appear as good guys. This is similar to
the evil Hell's Angels biker gang that donates teddy bears to children and
who seem to be nice guys but are evil men who sell drugs and hurt cops. Do
not trust an organization just by their appearance, but find out what they
really believe and stand for. If they hate Jesus as Freemasonry does, then
definitely avoid them. A person must be at least a third degree Mason
(Master Mason) before being allowed to join the organization. The
Shriner's as all Freemason groups is a secret society. The Shriner's wear
a red fez hat that has a crescent moon on it. This hat is normally kept
under a glass cover when it is not being worn. This is nothing more than a
shrine to the Muslim god Allah. As you saw in my series on the False
Religion of Islam, Allah was the moon god of Mohammed's family and that is
why the crescent moon is the symbol for Islam. The Roman Catholic Church
started Islam and the crescent moon is also seen in Roman Catholicism in
her monstrance, the device used to hold the Eucharist so that it can be
paraded around and worshipped. The order's name even says Ancient Arabic
Order. This connection to Islam shows how the Roman Catholic Church
started Islam just as she did Freemasonry. The crescent moon here is
nothing more than a symbol of a false god. In order for a Freemason to
become a Shriner they must swear a Muslim oath with their hand on a Koran
(Qur'an), the holy book of Islam. All of these various organizations make
up Freemasonry. There are other organizations that are connected to
Freemasonry and under the umbrella of Freemasonry though they are more
secretive and not as directly connected. One such group is the Illuminati,
another group started by the Roman Catholic Church who are the evil behind
the scene Satanists who are setting up the New World Order with its one
world government, one world religion, and one world bible for that
religion. This is why there are so many corrupt bible versions and so much
anti-King James Bible hatred is pushed even by Southern Baptists and other
professing Christian denominations. The Illuminati has been behind many
wars in history including the French Revolution with the sole purpose to
remove God from France. The Freemasons are behind the Woke, LGBTQ,
feminism, Black Lives Matter, and other satanic destructive movements not
only here in the United States of America, but throughout the world.
Freemasonry as all false religions says that your good works will get you
to heaven or the big lodge in the sky as Freemasons refer to heaven as.
This is a lie. Scripture says that we are saved by grace through faith and
not by our works. (Ephesian 2:8-9 For by grace are ye saved through faith;
and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God:
9 Not of works, lest any man should boast.) Wicca is another under the
umbrella of Freemasonry. Freemasonry and all of its subordinates have been
behind the satanic New Age Movement which is under the New World Order.
The Ku Klux Klan was founded by Freemasons as well as many other
disgraceful organizations. Freemasonry makes King James Bibles with the
Masonic symbol of the compass and square on the cover and then Masonic
notes inside. This is once again to deceive the lower ranking Freemasons
into believing that Freemasonry is Christian when it is definitely not. It
is as far from it as you can get. Freemasonry in one way takes from all
religions, but especially from the ancient Babylon religion. Freemasonry
is basically modern Baal worship under the name Baphomet. When a Christian
joins this dark satanic organization, he opens up the satanic spiritual
world into his home and life.

Freemasonry consists of two main rites that Masons can take on their
path to the top. There are slight differences between the two rites. These
two rites are the Scottish Rite and the York Rite. Both rites consist of
33 degrees with different titles for the Mason depending on the rite. A
Freemason starts out as a first degree and then proceeds to 33^rd degree.
Most Freemasons never go beyond the third degree. A third degree Freemason
is known as a Master Mason. The first three levels in both rites are
referred to as the Blue Lodge or occasionally as the Craft Lodge. At these
levels they do not yet know the truth about how Satan is the true god of
Freemasonry, but there are still enough signs that a spiritual seeing
Christian should know to get out. The full truth of Freemasonry is only
known to those at the top 33^rd degree and possibly the 32 degree. At
these levels, full blown satanic rituals, ceremonies, and worship is done.
Some say they start to learn some of the truth at the seventeenth level
and know by the thirtieth degree. As part of entering the 33^rd degree
initiation, the candidates must pay a large amount of money. I do not see
how someone can get to 32^nd degree and still profess to be a Christian. I
think most if not all are truly not Christians. Those at 33^rd degree are
definitely not despite what they say or how they fool you. Few make it to
the top, but more than you think. Many people we often may think of as
nice, helpful people are really secret Satanists. Upon joining the lodge
as well as at each level that you go up, there are secret initiation rites
that are done to you before you can enter. God forbids such things and
some of the things done especially at the higher levels include sacrifices
and much blood and all involve sexual innuendo or other sexual
connections. Freemasonry contains much witchcraft in it. Freemasons are
required to take an oath to never reveal what goes on inside the lodge
under penalty of a torturous death. Why would a Christian take such an
oath? Freemasons refer to each other as brothers just like Christians do
to another Christian. Freemasons claim there are 33 degrees because the
33^rd degree represents the head sitting on the 33 vertebrae in the spine.
The real reason for having 33 degrees and no more is to represent the one
third of the angels that rebelled with Lucifer. One third is 33.3 percent.
(Revelation 12:3-4 And there appeared another wonder in heaven; and behold
a great red dragon, having seven heads and ten horns, and seven crowns
upon his heads.
4 And his tail drew the third part of the stars of heaven, and did cast
them to the earth: and the dragon stood before the woman which was ready
to be delivered, for to devour her child as soon as it was born.)

I mentioned previously how the god of Freemasonry is Baphomet.
Baphomet is represented as the goat god. Goats have long been associated
with Satan. Baphomet is on the tarot card labeled for The Devil. This
shows Baphomet is meant to represent Satan. Tarot cards are used by
witches and others as a form of divination which God condemns. Baphomet is
portrayed with his right hand up flashing the two finger salute of the
index and middle fingers, the "peace sign" which was intentionally changed
to the "peace sign" to deceive people. Baphomet's left hand is pointing
down. Freemasons say this represents the phrase "as above, so below" which
refers to Satan who once was in heaven and was cast out to earth will
supposedly rule both places one day. It also means what happens in heaven
also affects what happens here on earth. This phrase is actually in the
Message bible as part of the Lord's Prayer in Matthew.

The holy book of Freemasonry is Morals and Dogmas of the Ancient and
Accepted Scottish Rite of Freemasonry written by Albert Pike in 1871 who
was a 33^rd degree Mason and Sovereign Grand Commander of the Supreme
Council, Scottish Rite, Southern District. In The Morals and Dogmas as it
is usually shortened to, it was Albert who instituted most of the
traditions and rituals of Freemasons. He is considered the Freemason for
interpretation of Freemasonry and his word is considered as if spoken by
God. Another important book in Freemasonry is A Bridge to Light by Rex
Hutchens, 33° Freemason that is basically a condensed version of Morals
and Dogmas. Notice how this book will lead you to the light. I have
already mentioned how as a Christian we already have light and have no
need to reach it and that the light of Freemasonry is really the darkness
of Satan masquerading as light. Joseph Fort Newton is another important
Freemason. He was a Southern Baptist preacher who later also preached in
many other denominations such as Universalist, Episcopal, and Christ
Church. Universalists believed that all people got saved. Masonic bibles
have some of Newton's writings in them. One such writing by Newton says
that Masons are to revere the Muslim Koran as well as the Hindu books
considered holy by them and these are equal to the Bible. Does this match
with Christianity? I think not. Twenty four pages in the Masonic bible are
dedicated to quotes by Albert Pike. Albert Pike is considered probably the
top Freemason and he is well known for his love for Satan. How can a
Christian be a part of such an organization?

When it comes to the meaning of Freemasonry symbols, most if not all
have dual meanings. The Freemasons for some symbols have given official
meanings though these meanings are lies and they are only the public
meanings to hide the truth. Many are never mentioned. Sex is prevalent
throughout Freemasonry symbols. Freemasons claim no one Mason can speak
for all and so what one says it means does not necessarily mean all
believe it according to the official report. They also say that all
Freemasons are free to interpret the symbols in whatever way they want to.
This is not true, but another deception to hide the true meanings as what
Albert Pike said is considered the pattern for all Freemasons to follow.
Freemasonry contains a huge amount of symbols and we will only be looking
at a few. As Christians we have no need for all kinds of secretive symbols
and God condemned such use and God certainly condemned witchcraft and even
said a witch was to be killed by the Israelites. (Exodus 22:18 ¶ Thou
shalt not suffer a witch to live.) The main symbol for Freemasonry is the
square and compass with the letter G in the middle. This is found not only
on Masonic temples, but on vehicles of Freemasons and on many government
buildings as well as Mormon temples and other places. Many Masons wear a
ring with this on it and baseball caps showing their allegiance to
Freemasonry. Most say the G stands for God, meaning any god that the
Freemason wants it to stand for. This lie is even told to the lowest ranks
of Freemasonry. It is only as you progress higher in ranks that you learn
the true meaning behind many of the symbols and some only at the top
level. Why would a Christian belong to an organization that has no problem
lying to them and deceiving them? Albert Pike himself said in his Morals
and Dogmas that the symbol really represents the sex act between a male
and female with the compass being the male and the square the female with
the G in the middle standing for "generative principle" meaning the sex
act. Nearly every symbol in Freemasonry has a connection to sex. The
circle with a dot is another example with the circle representing the
female and the dot the male. This circle can be seen in many building
designs such as the Vatican with an obelisk in the middle as the male
part. The same is also seen at the Washington Monument if you look at it
from the air.  In the case of the Washington Monument there are two
circles around the monument that represent the male testicles. These
walkways were not there originally. The obelisk is often seen in
Freemasonry and represents the male sexual organ (penis). The Egyptians
built obelisks and it was to represent the penis of the Egyptian god
Osiris. The Egyptian connection is also seen in how the Vatican took an
Egyptian obelisk apart and placed it in St. Peter's Square after
rebuilding it. The pyramid is another symbol associated with Egypt and
Freemasonry. Many famous people can be seen making the symbol of a pyramid
with their hands. Many hand signs that are flashed by Freemasons are to
let another person who may be a Freemason know that they are a Freemason.
Most people are ignorant to what these people are doing or they just think
they are being silly. The pyramid is seen on all kinds of buildings and in
many places. Even the pattern of stars on objects may form a pyramid or
the layout of streets. The uncompleted pyramid with the all seeing eye can
be seen on the back of the U.S. one dollar bill. This represents the
unfinished work to be done by Satan and Freemasons. Satan in Freemasonry
is known as the capstone or occasionally the coping stone which is the top
stone on a building. They also use the term keystone for the central stone
of an arch. These terms can be found in most modern bibles in place of
cornerstone. The cornerstone is the first stone in a building upon which
all other stones are built. Jesus is the cornerstone upon which we must be
built upon, yet Freemasons have Satan on top of everyone. This shows who
they really worship. (Ephesians 2:20 And are built upon the foundation of
the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief corner
stone😉 People have rejected Jesus including Freemasons. (Mark 12:10 And
have ye not read this scripture; The stone which the builders rejected is
become the head of the corner:) The all seeing eye above the unfinished
pyramid represents Satan as the coming capstone and the completion of the
pyramid. The U.S. government has long been connected to Freemasonry.
Freemasons say the all seeing eye represents God, but in reality they know
they believe it represents Satan or Lucifer as they call him. They believe
Lucifer is the true light, but scripture says he only masquerades as light
and in reality is darkness, with Jesus being the true light. (II
Corinthians 11:14 And no marvel; for Satan himself is transformed into
an angel of light.) The phrase Novus Ordo Seclohum found on the Great Seal
of the United States of America and on the back of the dollar bill under
the unfinished pyramid is Latin and means "New World Order". The purpose
of Freemasons has been in our Great Seal from the beginning and is still
found on the dollar bill. When they redesigned our money they did not
change the dollar bill as they needed to keep this here.  

Some other symbols commonly seen are the upside down cross and the
double headed eagle. Roman Catholics will tell you the upside down cross
represents Peter being crucified upside down, but any Satanist will tell
you that it is meant as a mockery of Jesus and blasphemy. The double
headed eagle can be seen in many places including baseball hats.
Freemasons will say this symbol represents empire such as this was the
symbol of the German Empire and is still prevalent in Germany today. The
reality is that the double headed eagle is not really two eagles but
actually represents the Phoenix, which was a mythological bird that was
reborn from ashes. When a Freemason is initiated initially they are said
to be "born again", only they are born again to Lucifer. We saw how cults
all had a different definition for being "born again" than what scripture
says of being born again and so does Freemasonry. Scripture says being
born again is when a person gets saved by asking Jesus to be their
Saviour. Satan knows the importance of being born again so he has his own
version of it as he always copies Jesus. President George H. W. Bush who
was a Freemason and was a member of the Skull and Bones, which is a
subgroup of Freemasonry and a satanic organization, was asked by Barbara
Walters in 1988 while campaigning for president if he was a Christian. He
put his head down and then said "If by being a Christian, you ask if I am
'Born Again', then yes, I am a Christian", but he was referring to his
Masonic rebirth and not speaking as a Christian. Neither him nor his son
are true Christians even though George W. Bush says he is, but he too
belonged to the same two organizations and once said when he visited the
pope, it was like looking into the eyes of God. George H.W. Bush
participated in a satanic black mass at the Vatican while president. The
hexagram is another commonly seen symbol in Freemasonry and consists of
two triangles with one upside down making six points. This is the same as
the Star of David of Judaism or it is also seen with the lines
intertwining. The hexagram represents the water and fire triangles
intertwined and is the most common symbol used by witches and some witches
say the hexagram is necessary for contacting devils for casting spells.
This symbol is used for contacting devils. Many Freemasons as well as open
Satanists will make the sign of the devil's horns or as it is sometimes
referred to as il cornuto (Italian for the horned), El Diablo (Spanish for
the devil) or devil's salute. This is commonly seen by rock stars,
athletes, politicians including all or nearly all modern presidents, movie
stars and others. These are the horns of Baphomet who represents Satan.
Many will try to say this represents the sign for Texas longhorn fans, but
it is not. Do not be fooled. Many will also say it is the sign language
sign for "I love you". The sign language sign was intentionally made
nearly the same as the devil's horn sign as the inventor Helen Keller was
a Satanist and she was telling Satan she loved him. Just as many people
flash the devil's horn sign, many will also flash the 666 sign with their
hand by forming three sixes by touching the thumb and index finger
together and spread the other three fingers to make a six. Olympic
athletes can be seen doing this. They will also do the hidden hand sign by
sticking their hand quickly into a jacket or something else. Watch
politicians again, including presidents and world leaders and you will see
many of them flashing these signs. Even the pope has flashed some of
these. These people will also cover one eye with a hand or some object to
represent the all seeing eye of Satan. Often times during Masonic ritual
ceremonies or other times of public Masonic events, Freemasons are seen
wearing an apron. I already mentioned how especially on the highest
ranking Masons the amount of occult symbols on them. These aprons wrap
around the waist and cover the male private area. Masons are given this
when they join and are told it represents innocence, but in reality has a
satanic sexual connection to ancient gods and is used to intentionally
cover the male private parts. The apron is usually made of lamb's skin and
is said to represent the fig leaves worn by Adam and Eve. God did away
with the fig leaves and replaced their leaves with the skin of a lamb and
the blood shed from that lamb represented the future shed blood of Jesus
as the passover lamb at the cross of Calvary. Freemasonry denies the work
of Jesus at the cross by saying that the apron represents the fig leaves
and works for salvation instead of by Jesus. The pentagram is the upside
down five pointed star that represents the horns of Baphomet and is
commonly seen by Freemasons and Satanists. This is also the symbol of the
Eastern Stars. They will try and claim this represents the star of Jesus
in Bethlehem from Matthew 2:2, but it is not and if so then why is it
upside down?  The King James Bible also says "star of the east" and not
eastern star.

Shriners who are 32 degree will often wear a Shriner Pin which is a
crescent moon and a scimitar (Muslim sword). Why would a "Christian"
organization represent Islam? Master Masons will often wear what is known
as the Tubalcain Pin or two ball pin. Tubalcain was the descendant of Cain
and most if all were ungodly people so why name a pin after him? This was
done intentionally to support their sex god as the pin consists of an
upside down golf club with two balls, one on each side and is meant as a
reference to the male reproductive organs. This pin is worn by Masons who
do not want other people knowing they are Masons and many wear them to
church. How disgraceful.

Freemasons will shake hands if possible to try and identify another
Mason. They will take the thumb and put pressure between the space of the
second and third fingers and another Mason will then know this man is a
Mason. In a place such as a courtroom where you cannot shake hands, they
will ask a judge if they can come forward to talk to him and they have a
special way to walk to identify as a Mason. Other things Masons will do is
use codes words or phrases when visiting a business and if the businessman
is a fellow Mason he will understand and will often give the item to the
Mason at cost. The same applies in court where the judge will either free
the inmate or at least greatly reduce his sentence. Another thing done in
court at times in desperation is the Grand Hailing Sign where the Mason
puts up his hands as if caught by the police or similar to the goalposts
in football and then says a phrase that a fellow Mason would understand.
Often times if the jurors are Masons they will find the person not guilty
or create a hung jury as a Mason is bound by a blood oath to help their
fellow Mason. There are many other hand signs and language used by Masons
to identify brother Masons as well as many, many more symbols than those I
mentioned. It would take a big book to even attempt to show all of
Freemasonry's occult symbols and secret sayings. I have just given some of
the more common ones. Many companies contain these and other satanic
symbols in their logos without most people even realizing it including all
of the major companies.

The leader of a lodge is referred to as a Worshipful Master. Why
would a Christian call a man this when only Jesus is the worshipful
Master? Many Freemasons especially at the top levels are homosexuals which
is one of the reasons they as leaders of the world have passed laws
protecting them and pushing the homosexual agenda. This is also another
reason the obelisk, representing the male penis, is so prevalent around
the world.

Washington, DC was intentionally set up with streets and buildings
representative of Freemasonry beliefs. I already mentioned the obelisk
known as the Washington Monument which by law no building can be taller
than it so it remains the central figure and keeps the meaning of the
obelisk. George Washington himself was a onetime Mason. Most of the
patterns can only be seen from the air, but one of the designs is the
inverted pentagram with the point pointing to the White House showing
Satan has access to it. There is a square and compass layout in some
streets and the street layout around the Capitol is designed as an owl
which is connected to Satan. The Statue of Freedom on the top of the
Capitol is connected to an ancient goddess. Many of the buildings and
monuments such as the Pentagon, the Lincoln and Jefferson Memorials have
occult signs in them. The Pentagon was built to an exact height to reflect
satanic beliefs as well as the shape and other features. Some streets have
a connection to 666. Satan has been in Washington right from the start.
Freemasonry symbols can be found on buildings all over the city.

The Vatican is also layed out intentionally with Freemasonry
connections. I already mentioned its obelisk in the middle of St. Peters
Square. It is best to see an overhead aerial view to see the connection.
Even the way the wall was built around Vatican City was carefully planned.
Just as in Washington, DC, Freemasonry and occult symbols are all over the
Vatican. Other cities around the world also have many symbols.

I already mentioned how Mormon temples are full of Freemasonry
symbols as is the religion. The Temple Endowment ceremony was copied from
Masonic rituals. They also have an apron similar to that used in
Freemasonry. Joseph Smith as well as all of the early Mormon leaders were
all Freemasons. 

I have clearly shown how Freemasonry is not Christian, but is really
Satanism in disguise. It is full of the occult and evilness in bringing in
the New World Order and the antichrist and eliminating Jesus. Clearly no
professing Christian let alone a true Christian should have any part in
Freemasonry as we cannot serve two masters. Jesus said you will love the
one and hate the other. Freemasonry teaches you to love Lucifer and hate
Jesus. (Matthew 6:24 ¶ No man can serve two masters: for either he will
hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and
despise the other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon.) Jesus said we must
come out of the darkness which is Satan and come to the light which is
Jesus. A true Christian cannot stay in the dark for long as the Holy Ghost
will convict you. For any Christian in Freemasonry who refuses to leave
now that you know the truth. Why? Either you are not truly saved or you
are so weak and are a saved as by fire Christian that you need to pray and
ask the Holy Ghost to open your eyes and then get out. If you are saved
you are knowingly sinning. (James 4:17 Therefore to him that knoweth to do
good, and doeth it not, to him it is sin.) If you are not saved, get saved
now by repenting of your sins and confessing to God the evilness of
Freemasonry and that you sinned by being a part of it. Realize you are a
sinner who needs Jesus as your Saviour as your works will not save you nor
will Freemasonry. Call upon Jesus now to save you.    

Search for: _____________________  [ Search ]

Recent Comments

Archives

Categories

• No categories

Meta

• Log in
• Entries feed
• Comments feed
• WordPress.org

Created my free logo at LogoMakr.com

Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Copyright (c) 2024 Jesus is God and Lord Ministries | Credits
Powered by Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

