Link: profile
Link: dns-prefetch
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Feed (alternate)
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Comments Feed (alternate)
Link: preconnect
Link: preconnect
Link: https://api.w.org/
Link: alternate
Link: RSD (EditURI)
Link: canonical
Link: shortlink
Link: alternate
Link: alternate
Skip to content
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Ye Must Be Born Again

Main Menu

• HOME
• STORE
• ABOUT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD MINISTRIES
• BELIEFS
• CONTACT
• KING JAMES BIBLE TO READ AND LISTEN TO
• KING JAMES BIBLE WORDS AND PHRASES DEFINED
• WHY WE MUST BE BORN AGAIN
• WHAT MUST I DO TO BE SAVED (BE BORN AGAIN), HAVE ETERNAL LIFE AND GO
TO HEAVEN?
• NOW THAT I AM A BORN AGAIN CHRISTIAN, HOW DO I GROW (MATURE)?
• PROOF THAT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD
• SERMONS AND SCRIPTURE LESSONSMenu Toggle

• 3:16 Verses
• Abraham the obedient father and type of God the Father
• According to the word of the LORD
• Alleged Contradictions in Scripture
• Angels and spiritual beings
• Animals Teaching Man  
• Be like Jesus
• Be Thankful
• Bread in Scripture
• Christian Martyrs for Jesus
• Colors in Scripture
• Curse Israel and you will be cursed
• Dangers of Calvinism
• Deadliest battles in scripture
• Deserts in scripture and in our lives
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism
• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freedom and Liberty come from God
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise
• From the resurrection to the ascension
• Genealogies of Jesus
• Gifts of the Holy Ghost
• God is Light
• God is Love
• God the Holy Ghost
• Halloween and the connection to Satan
• Honour Thy Mother
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus is the door that all must enter for everlasting life
• Jesus is the Light of the World and Christians Should Reflect
that Light
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jesus versus Mohammad
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Jonah
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Jude
• Malachi   
• Martyrs in the Lord's Army
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Nahum
• Nehemiah 3 and the ten gates of the Jerusalem wall
• Obadiah
• Our Nation Was Founded Upon God
• Philemon
• Prayer
• Pre-incarnate Appearances of Jesus (Theophanies)
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Proof that Jesus is God
• Prophecies Fulfilled by Jesus at his First Coming
• Prophecies of the Second Coming of Jesus
• Psalm 23
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines
• Santa is Satan and his little elves are devils
• Serve in the Lord's Army
• Seven Vial Judgments of Revelation
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  
• Star of Bethlehem
• Thankful people in scripture  
• The Battle of Gog and Magog
• The Books of God
• The Crucifixion of Jesus
• The Egyptian gods and goddesses of the ten plagues and their
judgment and defeat by the God of gods
• The Exodus   
• The Good Samaritan
• The Gospel in Stone
• The Gospel in the Stars
• The Greatest Father Anyone Can Have And Everyone Needs
• The Handwriting of God
• The Illegal Trial of Jesus
• The King James Bible Built-in Dictionary
• The Miracles at the Crucifixion of Jesus
• The New Year's resolutions that need to be kept
• The Number Seven in Scripture
• The Number Three in Scripture  
• The Riotous Son
• The True Creationism of the Scriptures versus False Theories
• The Unscriptural Flat Earth Theory
• The Unscriptural Lucifer Flood  
• The Widow Woman and the Oil  
• The Word Became Flesh
• Types of the Holy Ghost in scripture
• Was Jesus born on Christmas?
• Was Jesus Crucified on Friday?
• Water in Scripture
• Weather in scripture
• Who are the sons of God of Genesis 6?
• Work is from God
• Worshipping God in psalms, hymns, and spiritual songs
• Zephaniah

• VIDEOS
• HYMNS
• FOR PRECIOUS JEWISH SOULSMenu Toggle

• Meet the Jewish Messiah
• False Religion of Judaism
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  

• FOR PRECIOUS ROMAN CATHOLIC SOULSMenu Toggle

• False Doctrines of Roman Catholicism
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• CULTSMenu Toggle

• Roman CatholicismMenu Toggle

• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism

• FALSE RELIGIONSMenu Toggle

• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise

• RECOMMENDED BOOKS FOR READING
• LINKS
• CHECKOUT
• New items are available in the store for purchase.

0

False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism

The Seventh-day Adventists (SDA) is another cult and false
Christianity that is often times missed by people just as Roman
Catholicism and Eastern Orthodoxy. Many believe they are true Christians
just like the other two when in reality all three of them are cults.
Seventh-day Adventists have worked hard especially in the last 30 years or
so at trying to appear as a true Christian denomination including having
some scriptural beliefs. They still are not. They like all cults double
talk saying one thing on their website, but practicing and truly believing
something else as seen by their writings. There are about 21.7 million
Seventh-day Adventists worldwide making them one of the largest cults.
William Miller a onetime Baptist preacher turned deist who said all
Christian denominations in his day were apostate and false, began a Bible
study group and predicted the return of Jesus to earth on October 22,
1844. All cults have supposedly found the truth that was only revealed to
them. Jesus did not return and his followers known as Millerites called
this day the Great Disappointment. They went back to the Bible and decided
that they would study more on the prophecy of the second coming of Jesus.
Some believed that William Miller had misinterpreted Daniel 8:14 and Jesus
did not return to earth, but rather entered the heavenly Holy of Holies to
cleanse the earth. As the group grew, Joseph Bates, James White and his
wife Ellen G. White joined and really set the stage for the beginning of
the cult. It was officially established on May 21, 1863 in Battle Creek,
Michigan. The headquarters later moved to Takoma Park, Maryland until 1989
when it moved to Silver Spring Maryland. The church is headed by the
General Conference of Seventh-day Adventists. They decide all doctrine.
Today the Seventh-day Adventists still focus on the prophecy of the second
coming of Jesus. In fact the name Adventists comes from Advent which means
coming in reference to the coming of Jesus such as his first or second
advent (coming). Many cults focus on the end times. Many groups have
broken off from the Seventh-day Adventists over the years forming
subgroups and in effect a cult of a cult just as happened in the cults of
Roman Catholicism and Mormonism. One was the well-known Branch Davidians
in Waco, Texas that killed themselves in a standoff with the FBI, local
law enforcement, and U.S. military between February 28 and April 19, 1993.
Another was the Worldwide Church of God founded by Herbert Armstrong.
There are others. Charles Taze Russell the founder of the Jehovah's
Witnesses once studied with the Adventists.

I find it interesting that the cults of the Seventh-day Adventists,
Mormonism, Jehovah's Witnesses, and Christian Science all formed in the
United States within a fairly small radius of each other over a 40 year
period. During this time period the second great awakening and the third
great awakening revivals were taking place in the United States and Satan
was taking advantage of this to start his own revival of cults. Satan had
to find a way to counteract the revival happening in America.  

Ellen G. White claimed to have over 2,000 visions and dreams from
God. Some of the church's teachings are from her supposed visions by God.
I believe she had another spirit involved, not God. She claimed to have
only a third grade education and claimed she could not read, but in
reality she could and plagiarized from many other Christian authors. She
wrote many books that supposedly came from God including the Great
Controversy that supposedly tells the story of sin and Satan from the
beginning until the end of the millennium when sin will finally be
removed. Adventists are the Christians there at the end. Her writings are
considered equally inspired just as scripture. She claimed she went to
heaven and God gave her the vision about the seventh day sabbath, yet the
vision only came after her dealings with the Seventh Day Baptists. Sounds
suspicious to me. I believe it is more than a coincidence.  God said to
test the spirits to see if they were from God or Satan. Did she? I think
not or maybe she knew what spirit she was dealing with. It was not from
God or her beliefs would have been different. (I John 4:1-3 Beloved,
believe not every spirit, but try the spirits whether they are of God:
because many false prophets are gone out into the world.
2 Hereby know ye the Spirit of God: Every spirit that confesseth that
Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is of God:
3 And every spirit that confesseth not that Jesus Christ is come in the
flesh is not of God: and this is that spirit of antichrist, whereof ye
have heard that it should come; and even now already is it in the world.) 


Seventh-day Adventists say they believe the Bible is inspired, yet
they like all cults will then change it and come up with false doctrines.
Actions speak louder than words. God would not have a woman start his
church when he forbids women from preaching and they are to be silent in
the church so why was Adventism started and led by Ellen G. White? (I
Corinthians 14:34 Let your women keep silence in the churches: for it is
not permitted unto them to speak; but they are commanded to be under
obedience, as also saith the law.)

Some of the false doctrines of the Seventh-day Adventists:

1. Saturday worship. Adventists believe that worship is to only be done on
Saturday just like the fourth commandment says from sunset on Friday night
to sunset on Saturday night. This was for the Israelites. Today we worship
on Sunday since Jesus rose from the grave on Sunday. Jesus did away with
the required worship on Saturday. The disciples met on the first day of
the week or Sunday. Today we call that the Lord's day. (Acts 20:7 And upon
the first day of the week, when the disciples came together to break
bread, Paul preached unto them, ready to depart on the morrow; and
continued his speech until midnight.) Paul had the churches meet on the
first day of the week or Sunday to gather tithes. (I Corinthians 16:2 Upon
the first day of the week let every one of you lay by him in store, as God
hath prospered him, that there be no gatherings when I come.) This belief
is where they get their name from with Saturday being the seventh day of
the week. Ellen White wrote in her book The Great Controversy between
Christ and Satan on page 605 that those who believe or disbelieve in the
seventh day sabbath will determine whether they are saved and receive the
seal of God or for those who disbelieve in the seventh day as the day of
worship they will receive the mark of the beast. Scripture never says any
such thing. They as all cults insist if someone disagrees with them they
will end up in hell. The sabbath has never changed from Saturday, but it
was for Israel, not Christians. We are just to make sure we have a day of
rest and that is Sunday. Jesus even said the sabbath was made for man, not
man for the sabbath. The Adventists are being legalistic like the
Pharisees who were condemned by Jesus. (Mark 2:27 And he said unto them,
The sabbath was made for man, and not man for the sabbath:) We should
avoid working on Sundays if at all possible, but God will not send us to
hell for doing so. The Adventists believe that Baptists and anyone else
who worships on Sunday instead of Saturday will be annihilated. I believe
Baptist churches as well as other denominations who often now have
Saturday services are wrong and are trying to be like the Seventh-day
Adventists or at the very least are appeasing weak Christians who want to
go to church on Saturday night so they have Sunday to play when they
should be resting and worshipping God. Christians have a day of rest on
Sunday rather than worship on the sabbath as the fourth commandment says.
Jesus is our rest, not the sabbath. (Matthew 11:28 ¶ Come unto me, all ye
that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.) (Hebrews 4:10
For he that is entered into his rest, he also hath ceased from his own
works, as God did from his.) Paul condemned the Galatians for adding the
law back into salvation. Paul said his work of preaching to them was in
vain if they do these things. This is what the Seventh-day Adventists do
by trying to still keep the sabbath (observing days) and making the ten
commandments part of keeping salvation. (Galatians 4:9-11 But now, after
that ye have known God, or rather are known of God, how turn ye again to
the weak and beggarly elements, whereunto ye desire again to be in
bondage?
10 Ye observe days, and months, and times, and years.
11 I am afraid of you, lest I have bestowed upon you labour in vain.)
Adventists are judging all Sunday worshippers when scripture says not to.
Colossians is referring to the Saturday sabbath and saying do not judge a
Christian because they do not worship then. (Colossians 2:16 Let no man
therefore judge you in meat, or in drink, or in respect of an holyday, or
of the new moon, or of the sabbath days🙂 Adventists say that only Saturday
worship is correct and that no one is to work on Saturday yet their
pastors have to work just as I work on Sunday. Jesus said the Israelite
priests worked on the sabbath as they had to offer the sacrifices, yet
they were not guilty. They were doing God's work and that applies to
preachers on Sunday and Saturday in their case. It is ok to work the
sabbath when doing God's work as well as essential jobs. (Matthew 12:5 Or
have ye not read in the law, how that on the sabbath days the priests in
the temple profane the sabbath, and are blameless?) Most Seventh-day
Adventists only have a Saturday worship, though some Adventist churches do
have small groups that meet in an individual's home during the week for
worship. 

2. Hell is temporary. The unsaved will only go to hell for a temporary
time and then be annihilated. (Matthew 25:46 And these shall go away into
everlasting punishment: but the righteous into life eternal.)

3. Annihilation. Adventists belief that an unsaved person is annihilated
at death after a temporary time in hell and that there is no immortal soul
and no conscience or awareness after death. The rich man was aware that he
was in torment in the fires of hell. (Luke  16:23-24 And in hell he lift
up his eyes, being in torments, and seeth Abraham afar off, and Lazarus in
his bosom.
24 And he cried and said, Father Abraham, have mercy on me, and send
Lazarus, that he may dip the tip of his finger in water, and cool my
tongue; for I am tormented in this flame.) Matthew 5:22 in the KJB has
"hell fire" which is changed in their false bible to "never be given
eternal life" and Matthew 5:29 in the KJB has "hell" which is changed in
their bible to "lose eternal life". Other verses also remove hell in their
bible such as Matthew 5:30 which changed the KJB "hell" to "lose out on
heaven later" as well as many other verses. Their bible says the true
story of Luke 16:19-31 is "a Jewish folklore" in verse 19, when it is real
and the rich man is still in torment burning in hell today. Matthew 18:9
removes the KJB "hell fire" and changes to "end with this life" and adds
unscriptural words "moral innocence" and "childlike innocence". Scripture
says we are born with a sin nature. You do not have to teach a child to
lie or steal. They already know how. They are not innocent.

I often hear people say when a person dies that they passed away. I
do not believe Christians should use this phrase as it supports the false
doctrine of annihilation. Flowers pass away, but people pass on as people
have souls. They either pass on to heaven if they are saved or pass on to
hell if they are unsaved. Christians should say either died or passed on,
but not passed away. 

4. Body, soul, and spirit are indivisible.  Adventists believe that the
body, soul, and spirit cannot be divided. Scripture says the word of God
can divide them and our bodies stay in the ground at death when the soul
and spirit go to heaven or hell. (Hebrews 4:12 For the word of God is
quick, and powerful, and sharper than any twoedged sword, piercing even to
the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and
is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart.)

5. Soul sleep. When a person dies they will not be aware of anything. This
is known as soul sleep. The saved people or the righteous people as they
say (this is works salvation) will be brought to heaven after Jesus'
second coming and will be in heaven during the millennial reign.
Christians will be here on earth with Jesus, not be in heaven during the
millennium. (II Corinthians 5:8 We are confident, I say, and willing
rather to be absent from the body, and to be present with the Lord.)

6. Jesus will return once he has cleansed the heavenly mercy seat.
Adventists believe Jesus starting this cleansing process in 1844 when he
did not return and when he is finished he will come back. Jesus is seated
at the right hand of God the Father. (Hebrews 12:2 Looking unto Jesus the
author and finisher of our faith; who for the joy that was set before him
endured the cross, despising the shame, and is set down at the right hand
of the throne of God.)

7. Investigative Judgment. Adventists believe in what is known as
investigative judgment. Ellen White supposedly confirmed this by a vision.
Adventists believe in 1844 when Jesus began cleansing the holy of holies,
he began looking at every ones works and those who are righteous enough
will be saved. This is works salvation that all cults have. Jesus will
only look at whether a person received him as their Saviour and was washed
in his blood and not how good a person they were. A Christian's works will
determine rewards and crowns, but not their salvation. This belief
minimizes Jesus as God in thinking he needs to search for years through
books to see who is saved or not. Saved people's name have been written in
the book of life from before the foundation of the world. Jesus as God
already knows who will be saved even before the person becomes saved and
does not need to search for years through a book. (Revelation 17:8 The
beast that thou sawest was, and is not; and shall ascend out of the
bottomless pit, and go into perdition: and they that dwell on the earth
shall wonder, whose names were not written in the book of life from the
foundation of the world, when they behold the beast that was, and is not,
and yet is.) The reality is Jesus took away and removed our sins after he
rose from the grave and then placed his blood on the heavenly mercy seat.
He did not wait until 1844. This completed Jesus plan of redemption and
now it was finished so that now our sins are taken away and not just
covered by animal blood.  

Jesus placed his blood on the heavenly mercy seat after his
resurrection from the grave on that Sunday, not in 1844 and completed it
that day. He is not still working on cleansing the heavenly mercy seat. He
told Mary Magdalene to not touch him when he appeared to her after his
resurrection that Sunday morning. (John 20:17 Jesus saith unto her, Touch
me not; for I am not yet ascended to my Father: but go to my brethren, and
say unto them, I ascend unto my Father, and your Father; and to my God,
and your God.) This was because he had not ascended to heaven to place his
blood on the heavenly mercy seat which was necessary to complete his
redemption for all people. We know the phrase "I am not yet ascended to my
Father" refers to Jesus as our High Priest going to place his blood on the
heavenly mercy seat and not his ascension 40 days after his resurrection.
Jesus reappeared to his disciples that very Resurrection Sunday after he
completed his mission, whereas after his ascension 40 days later he never
did reappear here on earth. If Jesus had never placed his blood on the
mercy seat we would still be dead in our sins. This completed what was
started on the cross. If Mary had touched him before he had placed his
blood on the heavenly mercy seat, the blood of Jesus would have been
polluted. (Hebrews 9:12 Neither by the blood of goats and calves, but by
his own blood he entered in once into the holy place, having obtained
eternal redemption for us.) This was seen even in the earthly Israelite
priests who were not allowed to be touched by anyone before they placed
the blood of the animal on the earthly mercy seat. Remember the Israelite
priesthood was just a pattern of the real thing in heaven and what the
Israelite priest did with placing the blood on the mercy seat was just a
reminder of the real blood that would be placed on the heavenly mercy seat
in heaven. The Israelite high priest was a type of Jesus who is the real
High Priest. (Hebrews 3:1 Wherefore, holy brethren, partakers of the
heavenly calling, consider the Apostle and High Priest of our profession,
Christ Jesus;) (Exodus 25:9 According to all that I shew thee, after the
pattern of the tabernacle, and the pattern of all the instruments thereof,
even so shall ye make it.) (Hebrews 9:23-24 It was therefore necessary
that the patterns of things in the heavens should be purified with these;
but the heavenly things themselves with better sacrifices than these.
24 For Christ is not entered into the holy places made with
hands, which are the figures of the true; but into heaven itself, now to
appear in the presence of God for us:) I previously mentioned in other
sermons how Jesus also placed his blood on the earthly mercy seat as well
when his blood ran through a crack in the rocks caused by the earthquake
at his death and dripped his blood on the earthly mercy seat hidden
underground below where he was crucified. This was shown by Ron Wyatt.
Once Jesus completed placing his blood on the heavenly mercy seat on
Resurrection Sunday, then the cleansing process was complete, not in 1844.
Jesus then reappeared that same day on that Resurrection Sunday to his
disciples and then could be touched without being polluted as redemption
was complete. Some liberal theologians such as John MacArthur say the
blood of Jesus only represented his death. This is damnable heresy as I
have shown just as the belief of the Seventh-day Adventists. I have shown
how without the precious blood of Jesus we would still be dead in our
sins. The blood of Jesus represents much more than the death of Jesus. It
represents our redemption and salvation as it was placed on the heavenly
mercy seat. (Romans 5:9 Much more then, being now justified by his blood,
we shall be saved from wrath through him.) Romans 5:9 clearly says we are
saved (justified) by the blood of Jesus, so it is much more than
representative of his death. Notice that Jesus telling Mary he must ascend
to heaven to complete the redemption for our sins is found in verse 17 of
John 20. The number seventeen means victory which we now have over death
and sin with Jesus completing redemption for us. The very fact that Jesus
is seated at the right hand of God the Father as mentioned in Hebrews 12:2
and many other verses in Hebrews and other places in scripture shows that
Jesus finished "cleansing" the heavenly mercy seat at the time he placed
his blood on it. A person sits down when the work is complete. The real
completion of cleansing of the heavenly mercy seat will take place when
God creates the new heaven.   

8. Baptism is necessary for salvation. Adventists say that a person must
be baptized before they are saved and without baptism they will not enter
into the kingdom of heaven. Their website does not say this along with
many other of their false doctrines to have the appearance of being true
Christians, but their writings say otherwise. The SDA's book Believe on
page 182 says "Christ made it clear that He required baptism of those who
wished to become part of his church, His spiritual kingdom." "In baptism
believers enter into the passion experience of our Lord." Page 184 says
"Baptism also marks person's entrance into Christ's spiritual kingdom. It
unites the new believer to Christ." The SDA website says of baptism
"Baptism is a symbol of our union with Christ, the forgiveness of our
sins, and our reception of the Holy Spirit." Baptism does not forgive sins
and is not even symbolic of it, or the "reception of the Holy Spirit." A
person receives the Holy Ghost at the moment of true salvation not when
baptized. They believe a person is born again when they are baptized. They
like all cults will change a biblical term and give it a new meaning. A
person is born again when they are saved, not when they are baptized.
Scripture says a person must believe first and then be baptized after they
are saved and if a person is truly saved, but never gets baptized they can
still go to heaven such as the thief on the cross. (Acts 8:36-37 And as
they went on their way, they came unto a certain water: and the eunuch
said, See, here is water; what doth hinder me to be baptized?
37 And Philip said, If thou believest with all thine heart, thou mayest.
And he answered and said, I believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of God.)
Jesus told the repentant thief that he would be with him in paradise that
day. (Luke 23:42 And Jesus said unto him, Verily I say unto thee, To day
shalt thou be with me in paradise.)

9. Remnant church in Revelation. Adventists teach that they are the
remnant church remaining in Revelation 14 just before the second coming of
Jesus. They believe they are the restored true church as all others were
corrupt. They say they proclaim the "three angels message" of Revelation
14:6-12. "The universal church is composed of all who truly believe in
Christ, but in the last days, a time of widespread apostasy, a remnant has
been called out to keep the commandments of God and the faith of Jesus.
This remnant announces the arrival of the judgment hour, proclaims
salvation through Christ, and heralds the approach of His second advent.
This proclamation is symbolized by the three angels of Revelation 14; it
coincides with the work of judgment in heaven and results in a work of
repentance and reform on earth. Every believer is called to have a
personal part in this worldwide witness." [from SDA 28 Fundamentalist
Beliefs] The church's original symbol was three angels circling a globe.
Today it is three flames representative of the Holy Ghost and the three
angels.

10. Obedience of ten commandments will determine if saved or not.
Adventists teach in number 18 of their 28 fundamentalist beliefs that we
will be judged based on our obedience of the ten commandments. Scripture
says we will be judged on whether we are washed in the blood of Jesus or
not and not on how well we obeyed the ten commandments. We should obey
them, but they do not determine our salvation. (Galatians 3:10-13 10 For
as many as are of the works of the law are under the curse: for it is
written, Cursed is every one that continueth not in all things which are
written in the book of the law to do them.
11 But that no man is justified by the law in the sight of
God, it is evident: for, The just shall live by faith.
12 And the law is not of faith: but, The man that doeth them shall live in
them.
13 Christ hath redeemed us from the curse of the law, being made a curse
for us: for it is written, Cursed is every one that hangeth on a tree:)
For a Christian we have become dead to the law so that we may become the
bride of Jesus. (Romans 7:4 Wherefore, my brethren, ye also are become
dead to the law by the body of Christ; that ye should be married to
another, even to him who is raised from the dead, that we should bring
forth fruit unto God.) If a person is still married to the law, then they
cannot marry (be the bride) of Jesus or they are guilty of adultery.
Romans 7:1-6 shows this with verse 6 saying we are delivered from the law.
We are not stuck under it with a Saturday sabbath and for our salvation as
the Seventh-day Adventists teach.  

11. Ellen G. White was a prophet and her writings were inspired.
Adventists believe that Ellen G. White was a prophet of God and her many
writings are inspired. Ellen herself said her writings were inspired. [See
Testimonies Volume 5, page 64 and Spiritual Gifts volume 2, page 293] Her
writings are considered equal with scripture. This is adding to God's word
as all cults do. God condemned this in (Revelation 22:18-19 For I testify
unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book, If any
man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that
are written in this book:
19 And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this
prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of
the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book.) When
they are baptized they must believe in all Seventh-day Adventist teachings
including those from Ellen White. This is from the official baptism creed
of the SDA [11 of 13 I know and understand the fundamental Bible
principles as taught by the Seventh-day Adventist Church. It is my
purpose, by the grace of God, to order my life in harmony with these
principles.] Her writings and beliefs have many falsehoods in them which
show she was not a true prophet and her writings were not inspired. God
said if a prophet predicted something that was not true, they were not one
of his prophets. (Deuteronomy 18:22 When a prophet speaketh in the name of
the LORD, if the thing follow not, nor come to pass, that is the thing
which the LORD hath not spoken, but the prophet hath spoken it
presumptuously: thou shalt not be afraid of him.) Here are a few examples
of her false beliefs that supposedly came in visions from God. Her own
teachings changed over the years and contradict each other at times. This
would not happen if inspired from God and true.

1. She said that the brothers of Jesus were older than him when scripture
says he was the firstborn son of Mary. [See Desire of Ages pages 86-87]
(Matthew 1:25 And knew her not till she had brought forth her firstborn
son: and he called his name JESUS.)

2. Angels need a gold card to get in and out of heaven. ["All angels that
are commissioned to visit earth hold a golden card, which they present to
the angels at the gates of the city." (Early Writings p.39).] Scripture
never says such a thing.

3. Saved people in the resurrection will have wings. [See Early Writings
page 53] We will have bodies like that of Jesus and not have wings. This
is unscriptural. (Philippians 3:21 Who shall change our vile body, that it
may be fashioned like unto his glorious body, according to the working
whereby he is able even to subdue all things unto himself.)

4. She was told the exact time of the return of Jesus. This can be found
in her Early Writings on pages 15, 34, and 285. Scripture says we cannot
know. (Mark 13:32 ¶ But of that day and that hour knoweth no man, no, not
the angels which are in heaven, neither the Son, but the Father.)

5. Jesus did not enter the most holy place in heaven before October 22,
1844. [Early Writings, page 42] Hebrews which was written long before 1844
says otherwise. (Hebrews 9:12 Neither by the blood of goats and calves,
but by his own blood he entered in once into the holy place, having
obtained eternal redemption for us.)

6. Obeying the ten commandments is the only way to earn favor by God. [See
Testimonies, volume 4, page 28] (Galatians 3:11 But that no man is
justified by the law in the sight of God, it is evident: for, The just
shall live by faith.)

7. A person cannot be assured of their salvation. [See Christ's Object
Lessons, page 155] (I John 5:13 These things have I written unto you that
believe on the name of the Son of God; that ye may know that ye have
eternal life, and that ye may believe on the name of the Son of God.)

8. Jesus's blood does not cancel sin. [See Patriarchs and Prophets, page
357] (I John 1:7 But if we walk in the light, as he is in the light, we
have fellowship one with another, and the blood of Jesus Christ his Son
cleanseth us from all sin.) (Romans 4:7-8 Saying, Blessed are they whose
iniquities are forgiven, and whose sins are covered.
8 Blessed is the man to whom the Lord will not impute sin.) 

9. Atonement was not completed on the cross and after placing his blood on
the heavenly mercy seat following his resurrection, but was finished in
1844 when Jesus entered the most holy place. [See Testimonies volume 1,
page 58 and Early Writings page 253] (John 19:30 When Jesus therefore had
received the vinegar, he said, It is finished: and he bowed his head, and
gave up the ghost.) Romans was written long before 1844. (Romans 5:11 And
not only so, but we also joy in God through our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom
we have now received the atonement.)

10. Jesus was not God. "The man Christ Jesus was not the Lord God
Almighty." (Letter 32, 1999, quoted in the Seventh-day Adventist Bible
Commentary, Volume 5, page 1129). Their website says otherwise yet they
also say they believe her writings. The website is just to deceive people.
True Christianity is based off of Jesus being God. (Isaiah 9:6 For unto us
a child is born, unto us a son is given: and the government shall be upon
his shoulder: and his name shall be called Wonderful, Counsellor, The
mighty God, The everlasting Father, The Prince of Peace.) (Hebrews 1:8 But
unto the Son he saith, Thy throne, O God, is for ever and ever: a sceptre
of righteousness is the sceptre of thy kingdom.)

Ellen White had many other beliefs that contradict scripture such as
God came up with the plan of salvation after the fall of man when
scripture says it was before the foundation of the world [See Ephesians
1:4] and that the tower of Babel was built before the Genesis flood when
Nimrod was a descendant of Noah after the flood, an angel closed the door
of the ark at the flood when scripture says God closed the door [See
Genesis 7:16] and there are many more. Does this sound like a prophet of
God and true Christianity?

Ellen White also pushed that people should be vegetarians when God
said we are omnivores eating meat and vegetables. (Genesis 9:3 Every
moving thing that liveth shall be meat for you; even as the green herb
have I given you all things.) (I Timothy 4:1-5 Now the Spirit speaketh
expressly, that in the latter times some shall depart from the faith,
giving heed to seducing spirits, and doctrines of devils;
2 Speaking lies in hypocrisy; having their conscience seared with a hot
iron;
3 Forbidding to marry, and commanding to abstain from meats, which God
hath created to be received with thanksgiving of them which believe and
know the truth.
4 For every creature of God is good, and nothing to be refused, if it be
received with thanksgiving:
5 For it is sanctified by the word of God and prayer.)

Ellen White had at one time said some black slaves did not have a
soul and would not be resurrected.  

12. Jesus was the archangel Michael. Adventists believe that Jesus was the
archangel Michael before becoming a man. This is similar to the cult
Jehovah's Witnesses, but unlike them they do not believe Jesus was
created, but rather he was the archangel Michael of the old testament
before becoming Jesus. This is completely unscriptural and denies his
deity. Jesus in fact created Michael. This change can be seen in their
bible the Clear Word Bible (CWB) in I Thessalonians 4:16, Jude 9, and
Revelation 12:7. (Jude 9 Yet Michael the archangel, when contending with
the devil he disputed about the body of Moses, durst not bring against him
a railing accusation, but said, The Lord rebuke thee. [KJB]) (In contrast
to these ungodly men is the Lord Jesus, also called Michael the Archangel,
for He is in charge of the entire angelic host. When He was challenged by
Satan about His intentions to resurrect Moses, He didn't come at Satan
with a blistering attack, nor did he belittle him. He simply said, "God
rejects your claim to his body." [Clear Word Bible 4^th edition]) ("In
contrast to these ungodly men is the Lord Jesus Christ, also called
Michael, the archangel in charge of the entire angelic host. When He was
challenged by Satan about His intentions to resurrect Moses, He didn't
come against Satan with a blistering attack nor did he belittle him. He
simply said, 'God rejects your claim to his body.'" [Clear Word Bible])
(older version) (I Thessalonians 4:16 For the Lord himself shall descend
from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and with the
trump of God: and the dead in Christ shall rise first: [KJB]) (When Christ
descends from heaven as the Archangel, He will give a shout of command-the
trumpet call of God to the dead-and the dead in Christ will rise first.
[Clear Word Bible]) (Revelation 12:7 And there was war in heaven: Michael
and his angels fought against the dragon; and the dragon fought and his
angels, [KJB]) (This controversy between God and the dragon began years
ago in heaven. God's Son Michael and the loyal angels fought against the
dragon and his angels. [Clear Word Bible]) The Seventh Day Adventists
clearly preach another gospel as Paul said in his epistles. Jesus is
essential to that gospel, not the archangel Michael. Without Jesus there
is no gospel.  

13. Have their own bible changed to support their false doctrines.
Adventists use many bible versions. They originally used the King James
Bible and some still do, but many use the many modern perversions.
Adventists also publish the Clear Word Bible (CWB) that is a paraphrase
version and their own bible which changes verses to match their false
doctrines. This proves it is not from God as you cannot paraphrase God's
word. The Adventists are now trying to claim it is not a bible due to so
much criticism, though it clearly used to say it on the cover. They now
remove the word "bible" on the cover. It is still listed under bibles in
their bookstore. They are not mentioned as publishing the bible in the
bible to hide their identity to keep from controversy. I mentioned the
change in Jude 9 already. Deuteronomy 5:3 is changed to support their
false doctrine that worship is still supposed to be on Saturday. God said
he made the covenant for the Saturday sabbath with the Israelites, not
people before that day and it does not apply today. (Deuteronomy 5:3 The
LORD made not this covenant with our fathers, but with us, even us, who
are all of us here alive this day. [KJB]) (Deuteronomy 5:3 It wasn't only
with our ancestors that He made a covenant, but with us and with all who
are alive today. [Clear Word Bible]) These are complete opposites and this
is an intentional distortion of the word of God. Many other verses are
changed dealing with the sabbath to fit their false doctrine. Some verses
changed are Genesis 2:2-3, Exodus 5:5, Exodus 16:5, Exodus 31:13-16,
Leviticus 23:3, Hebrews 4:4, and others. Acts 20:7 is changed from the
disciples meeting on Sunday to Saturday to make it look like they still
worshipped on the sabbath. The KJB says "And upon the first day of the
week" which is changed in the Clear Word Bible to "After sundown on
Saturday night". This verse also changes "break bread" in reference to the
Lord's Supper to "fellowship meal". Revelation 1:10 in the KJB says "I was
in the Spirit on the Lord's day" which is changed in the Clear Word Bible
to "On Sabbath morning when I had gone to the rocky island shore to
meditate and worship". It is clear they make changes to support their
doctrine rather than change their doctrine to match scripture. (Proverbs
30:6 Add thou not unto his words, lest he reprove thee, and thou be found
a liar.)   

14. Works salvation.

I have already mentioned some works needed for salvation such as
having to be baptized and believing in the writings of Ellen White and
must obey the ten commandments. They also wash a person's feet when
celebrating communion, adding works. They add the law to grace and works
to faith. They must have a "good character". They have even used that
reference in church tracts. The Adventists also say that only those who
truly study scripture are saved. A saved person should study scripture,
but unfortunately most do not and it is not required for salvation. This
shows continual work must be done to be saved. The Adventists believe that
a person must endure until the end to be saved. This implies continual
works and also denies the scriptural once saved, always saved doctrine. A
person just needs to truly believe and call upon Jesus in order to be
saved, not endure to the end. Romans shows us that a person is saved
whether they do any works for God or not as long as they believe on Jesus.
(Romans 4:5 But to him that worketh not, but believeth on him that
justifieth the ungodly, his faith is counted for righteousness.) Francis
D. Nichol an SDA editor and church apologist, in his book, Answers to
Objections, states on page 243 "Here is our position: Only those will be
saved who, having been redeemed by the grace of Christ, walk in obedience
to all the light that God sheds on their way." He was basically saying
that a person must believe all of the SDA teachings in order to be saved
including tithing, Ellen Whites writings, works salvation, Saturday
sabbath, remnant church, baptism saves, et cetera. The New Life Voice of
Prophecy Guide # 12 says in order to become a Christian a person must do
these five things: believe, repentance, confession, baptism, obedience of
the ten commandments. Romans 5:18 says salvation is a free gift, not a
process of works. (Romans 5:18 Therefore as by the offence of one judgment
came upon all men to condemnation; even so by the righteousness of one the
free gift came upon all men unto justification of life.)

15. Do not celebrate Christmas, Easter, Thanksgiving, birthdays, or other
days.

Seventh-day Adventists do not celebrate Christmas, Easter,
Thanksgiving, birthdays, or other such days since they say they are not
found in scripture. This belief is similar to the Jehovah's Witnesses,
another cult. They are correct in that none of these days are found in
scripture and therefore if a Christian does not want to celebrate any of
them then they are not required to, but it is also not wrong for a
Christian to celebrate them if they so choose as long as they keep the
holidays to their true meanings. I do think a Christian should at least
remember the Lord's resurrection. It is true that the only mention of
celebration of birthdays is by evil men, the pharaoh of Egypt and by
Herod. God does command us to be thankful, so at the very least
Thanksgiving should be celebrated by them as well as by all Christians.
Some Adventists have recently begun to celebrate the Jewish feasts. While
I am not against Christians celebrating those days, they were basically
intended for the Israelites, so if they are going to celebrate those days
then not why days set aside for Jesus?

16. Most are vegetarians.

Most Seventh-day Adventists are vegetarians. We as Christians are
free to eat meat as well. Those Seventh-day Adventists that do eat meat
only eat the clean meat that is listed for the Israelites in scripture in
such places as Leviticus 11. The separation of clean and unclean meat was
for the Israelites and not Christians. While it is true that it is
healthier to avoid the unclean animals, we as Christians are not forbidden
from eating them. SDA's are again being legalistic and being Jews, not
Christians and adding to scripture what is not found there. They do not
celebrate so called Christian holidays because they are not found in
scripture, yet they will not eat meat or at least not unclean meat when
scripture never forbids Christians from doing so. SDA's that eat meat only
eat the kosher foods. God told Peter a Jew that now he could eat all food
as long as it was blessed by God, that the blood of Jesus now made even
the food clean for the Jews. The Gentiles were never forbidden from eating
unclean food and Christians are not today. (Acts 10:12-15 Wherein were all
manner of fourfooted beasts of the earth, and wild beasts, and creeping
things, and fowls of the air.
13 And there came a voice to him, Rise, Peter; kill, and eat.
14 But Peter said, Not so, Lord; for I have never eaten any thing that is
common or unclean.
15 And the voice spake unto him again the second time, What God hath
cleansed, that call not thou common.) (I Corinthians 10:25-26 Whatsoever
is sold in the shambles, that eat, asking no question for conscience sake:
26 For the earth is the Lord's, and the fulness thereof.) (Colossians 2:16
Let no man therefore judge you in meat, or in drink, or in respect of an
holyday, or of the new moon, or of the sabbath days🙂 I have already read
Genesis 9:3 and I Timothy 4:1-5 previously showing that we can eat all
meat if blessed. We as Christians are free to eat meat including the
unclean animals as long as we have God bless it. Our bodies actually need
the protein from the meat, especially beef to help fight off evil in the
spiritual warfare. Jesus himself ate meat with Abraham and fish with his
disciples.

Signs of a cult.  

There are many signs of a cult that are recognized by all cult
authorities. Here are some of them and we will see how Seventh-day
Adventism fits the definition of a cult. Not all signs are shown. Not
every cult will fit every sign mentioned below. I have already clearly
shown how Seventh-day Adventist is false Christianity with all of their
false doctrines that contradict scripture and now they fit the description
of a cult.

1. The leader is the ultimate authority and above the law and is
infallible.

2. The group suppresses criticism and one is only to read approved
sources. The Seventh Day Adventist Church has always tried to silence
their opponents and critics and discourages Seventh-day Adventists from
reading the truth not only in scripture, but in other books and sources.
Seventh-day Adventists are very defensive to anyone who criticizes them
and will try to silence them. Baptists and true Christians do not do this.
Seventh-day Adventists have tried so hard to prove they are not a cult
which would never be necessary if they were not a cult. True Christians
never have to prove anything.

3. Cults try to never let a member leave. The SDA church heavily
discourages its members from leaving. The SDA church is rapidly losing
members and this is why they are trying so hard to appear as true
Christians.

4. Cults claim to be the one true church and salvation is only by them.
Seventh-day Adventists believe they are the restored church as all of the
others had become corrupt and believe they are the remnant church in
Revelation.  

5. Only the leaders of the cult can understand their literature. Ellen G.
White and other leaders had the true meaning of scripture and new
revelations.

6. Cults add to scripture and often have their own books. Seventh-day
Adventists add Ellen White's writings and they also have their own bible,
the Clear Word Bible that has made changes that match Adventists false
doctrines.

7. Cults subtract from scripture. Seventh-day Adventism removes many
verses and words from their bible.   

8. Cults use intimidation and fear for obedience. Seventh-day Adventism
has done this over the years threatening excommunication and other
punishment. They have their own rules the members are to follow.

9. Cults are often involved in illegal activities.

10. Cults always distort the gospel and add works for salvation. I have
already shown this to be true of Seventh-day Adventists.

11. Cults use means to deceive and control their followers. Seventh-day
Adventism has a history of deceiving their people and keeping them from
the truth and then lies about it when questioned on it.

12. Cults are often legalistic on how their members must live. I have
already mentioned how Seventh-day Adventists have added unscriptural
burdens for their members such as vegetarianism.

13. Cults use Christian terms with different meanings than used in
scripture or in standard Christianity. Seventh-day Adventism does this
with some terms, changing the meanings such as being born again.   

14. Normally have other literature, books, et cetera that are considered
equal or above scripture. Seventh-day Adventists have Ellen G. White's
writings.

15. Jesus is replaced by someone-something else or at least very
minimized. Seventh-day Adventists say Jesus is the archangel Michael.
Jesus created Michael. SDA minimizes Jesus by either removing his titles
in their bible or making them lower case removing his deity.

16. Only the leaders are allowed to interpret the Bible for the
"underdogs" (the non-clergy). Only the General Conference of Seventh-day
Adventists decides doctrine. It is led by the church president.

17. Cult leaders get new revelations. Ellen G. White had many supposed new
revelations.

18. Someone is placed above Jesus. This is seen with Ellen G. White.

For those who have family members, friends, coworkers, or others that
we know who are Seventh-day Adventists, we need to let them know the truth
and get them out before it is eternally too late. God loves precious
Seventh-day Adventists souls as much as anyone else and wishes that all of
them would call upon him for salvation, but they must get out of
Seventh-day Adventism. I plead that if any Seventh-day Adventists are
listening to these sermons from this study they will listen and heed to
what I have taught and will call upon Jesus today to save you and then get
out of the Seventh-day Adventist church. Call upon Jesus now.   

Search for: _____________________  [ Search ]

Recent Comments

Archives

Categories

• No categories

Meta

• Log in
• Entries feed
• Comments feed
• WordPress.org

Created my free logo at LogoMakr.com

Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Copyright (c) 2024 Jesus is God and Lord Ministries | Credits
Powered by Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

