Link: profile
Link: dns-prefetch
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Feed (alternate)
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Comments Feed (alternate)
Link: preconnect
Link: preconnect
Link: https://api.w.org/
Link: alternate
Link: RSD (EditURI)
Link: canonical
Link: shortlink
Link: alternate
Link: alternate
Skip to content
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Ye Must Be Born Again

Main Menu

• HOME
• STORE
• ABOUT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD MINISTRIES
• BELIEFS
• CONTACT
• KING JAMES BIBLE TO READ AND LISTEN TO
• KING JAMES BIBLE WORDS AND PHRASES DEFINED
• WHY WE MUST BE BORN AGAIN
• WHAT MUST I DO TO BE SAVED (BE BORN AGAIN), HAVE ETERNAL LIFE AND GO
TO HEAVEN?
• NOW THAT I AM A BORN AGAIN CHRISTIAN, HOW DO I GROW (MATURE)?
• PROOF THAT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD
• SERMONS AND SCRIPTURE LESSONSMenu Toggle

• 3:16 Verses
• Abraham the obedient father and type of God the Father
• According to the word of the LORD
• Alleged Contradictions in Scripture
• Angels and spiritual beings
• Animals Teaching Man  
• Be like Jesus
• Be Thankful
• Bread in Scripture
• Christian Martyrs for Jesus
• Colors in Scripture
• Curse Israel and you will be cursed
• Dangers of Calvinism
• Deadliest battles in scripture
• Deserts in scripture and in our lives
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism
• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freedom and Liberty come from God
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise
• From the resurrection to the ascension
• Genealogies of Jesus
• Gifts of the Holy Ghost
• God is Light
• God is Love
• God the Holy Ghost
• Halloween and the connection to Satan
• Honour Thy Mother
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus is the door that all must enter for everlasting life
• Jesus is the Light of the World and Christians Should Reflect
that Light
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jesus versus Mohammad
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Jonah
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Jude
• Malachi   
• Martyrs in the Lord's Army
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Nahum
• Nehemiah 3 and the ten gates of the Jerusalem wall
• Obadiah
• Our Nation Was Founded Upon God
• Philemon
• Prayer
• Pre-incarnate Appearances of Jesus (Theophanies)
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Proof that Jesus is God
• Prophecies Fulfilled by Jesus at his First Coming
• Prophecies of the Second Coming of Jesus
• Psalm 23
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines
• Santa is Satan and his little elves are devils
• Serve in the Lord's Army
• Seven Vial Judgments of Revelation
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  
• Star of Bethlehem
• Thankful people in scripture  
• The Battle of Gog and Magog
• The Books of God
• The Crucifixion of Jesus
• The Egyptian gods and goddesses of the ten plagues and their
judgment and defeat by the God of gods
• The Exodus   
• The Good Samaritan
• The Gospel in Stone
• The Gospel in the Stars
• The Greatest Father Anyone Can Have And Everyone Needs
• The Handwriting of God
• The Illegal Trial of Jesus
• The King James Bible Built-in Dictionary
• The Miracles at the Crucifixion of Jesus
• The New Year's resolutions that need to be kept
• The Number Seven in Scripture
• The Number Three in Scripture  
• The Riotous Son
• The True Creationism of the Scriptures versus False Theories
• The Unscriptural Flat Earth Theory
• The Unscriptural Lucifer Flood  
• The Widow Woman and the Oil  
• The Word Became Flesh
• Types of the Holy Ghost in scripture
• Was Jesus born on Christmas?
• Was Jesus Crucified on Friday?
• Water in Scripture
• Weather in scripture
• Who are the sons of God of Genesis 6?
• Work is from God
• Worshipping God in psalms, hymns, and spiritual songs
• Zephaniah

• VIDEOS
• HYMNS
• FOR PRECIOUS JEWISH SOULSMenu Toggle

• Meet the Jewish Messiah
• False Religion of Judaism
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  

• FOR PRECIOUS ROMAN CATHOLIC SOULSMenu Toggle

• False Doctrines of Roman Catholicism
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• CULTSMenu Toggle

• Roman CatholicismMenu Toggle

• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism

• FALSE RELIGIONSMenu Toggle

• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise

• RECOMMENDED BOOKS FOR READING
• LINKS
• CHECKOUT
• New items are available in the store for purchase.

0

False Religion of Islam

Islam was founded by Mohammed in AD 610. Mohammed was forty years old
and claimed to have visions from God by the angel Gabriel. Mohammed
claimed to continue to get these revelations over the next 22 years and
this is where the supposed Koran (Qur'an) came from. The Koran is Islam's
holy book and is considered infallible. Islam and Mormonism where both
founded by men who claimed to have had a vision from an angel. Paul said
that even if an angel preached a gospel other than what he preached that
they were to be accursed. God was warning of such deception. (Galatians
1:8 But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto
you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed.) Satan
himself appears as an angel of light. (II Corinthians 11:14 And no marvel;
for Satan himself is transformed into an angel of light.) Supposedly
Mohammed was told to turn away from the many idols of his people and to
turn to the one god Allah. In reality all Mohammed did was pick his
favorite god from the twelve tribal gods his people worshipped. The god he
chose was the moon god Allah which he then said was the only true god.
This is why the symbol of Islam is the crescent moon. Mohammed was living
in Mecca when he founded Islam and stayed there for 12 years before moving
to Medina in 622. This is known as the Hijra which means emigration.

In reality Islam was founded when the Roman Catholic Church under the
authority of the pope had the Roman Catholic Khadija marry Mohammed and
start a new religion. Khadija had money to do so. The Roman Catholic
Church wanted to control the Holy Land and Jerusalem when God had given it
to the Jews. The pope wanted a new religion started to gain control of the
Holy Land and not make the "Church" look bad and then would control Islam.
Islam grew too fast and the Roman Catholic Church could no longer control
Islam and this is one of the reasons for the crusades. The crusades were
to destroy both the Jews to gain control of the Holy Land as well as to
destroy Islam which had gotten out of control. Many people including the
Roman Catholic Church deny the truth of the founding of Islam, but a
former Jesuit priest Alberto Riviera who was saved revealed the truth. The
Jesuits were founded to do the dirty work of the pope so he would be told
the dark secrets of Roman Catholicism. If you compare the two religions
you will see that they have much in common including the importance of
Mary. Many Muslims are getting visions from Mary (devils) today just as
many Roman Catholics are. I believe during the great tribulation, it will
be apparition Mary and the shared belief by both Roman Catholics and
Muslims that will unite the Muslims under the pope as the antichrist. The
Catechism of the Catholic Church (CCC 841) says Muslims worship the same
god as them and they do not need to be converted to Roman Catholicism as
they are saved. They are right in that both worship the same god, but that
god is Satan. Mary is the only female mentioned by name in the Koran and
even has a chapter (Sura 19) named after her. Jesus is often referred to
as the son of Mary.

Islam and Roman Catholicism share many similarities which can be seen
since Islam was started by the Roman Catholic Church. Both claim to be the
only true religion. Both require mandatory fasting. The Roman Catholic
Church gives titles of God to Mary and worships her and Islam has great
devotion to Mary as well. She has Sura 19 named after her in the Koran and
is mentioned 34 times in the Koran. Both base their salvation on good
works and neither has assurance of salvation, not even its leaders.
Neither believes in the scriptural atonement with Roman Catholicism having
purgatory and Islam good works waiting for judgment day to see if enough
were done. Both claim visions gave them doctrines. Islam got the Koran
from Gabriel given to Mohammed and the pope got Assumption of Mary. The
Roman Catholic Church uses rosary beads and Muslims use prayer beads both
of which have heathen origins. The pope is considered the substitute for
Jesus here on earth and Mohammed succeeded Jesus as prophet and as the
greatest prophet. Both have their own way of divorce. Roman Catholicism
has annulments and Muslim men can divorce their wife by just saying they
are divorced. Both believe if you leave their religion then you will be
damned to hell. Both have a long history of hatred to Jews. Both have many
traditions and beliefs based on heathen origins. Both have added books
considered scripture. Both have a long history of sexual abuse to children
and women. Both have used forced conversions over the years with threats
of death to those who did not comply. Both unite the state with their
beliefs and both have a holy place as their headquarters. Both have
pilgrimages and holy wars. Both revere the sun and moon gods. The sun and
moon is all over the monstrance and the crescent moon is the symbol of
Islam. Both want the world under their religion and domination. There are
many other similarities.

Islam along with Christianity and Judaism are known as monotheistic
religions as the followers only believe in one God or god unlike other
religions that are polytheistic believing in many gods. They are also
known as Abrahamic religions as all claim to descend from Abraham with
Christianity and Judaism from Abraham's son Isaac and Islam from Abraham's
son Ishmael. Islam is the second largest religion in the world after
Christianity with 1.9 billion Muslims [Moslems] as followers of Islam are
known as. They were at one time referred to as Mohammedans up to about the
1950's. It is either the fastest growing major religion or the second
fastest after Christianity depending on the source. Islam teaches it is
the only religion. Islam means submission.  

When Mohammed moved to Medina he started changing Islam to being more
violent. When he lived in Mecca he was greatly outnumbered so he was
persecuted, but after he moved he quickly gained converts and went back to
Mecca to take control of the people. Most converts to Islam over the years
are by forced conversions. The difference can be seen in the Koran as well
as the verses he wrote while in Mecca are of a peaceful religion, but once
in Medina Islam becomes a warrior religion. Mohammed even claimed in Sura
(chapter) 9:5 that the Koran verses in Mecca were abrogated which means
cancelled and were no longer true. (Sura 9:5 ... so kill the polytheists
wherever you find them ...) [This includes Christians and Jews] It is the
peaceful verses from Mecca that Muslims will read to people to pretend
that Islam is a peaceful religion when in reality it is a very dangerous
religion. Anyone who is not a Muslim is considered an infidel. Muslims
have always used forced conversions as well as forced taxes known as
Jizyah to control people. God does not force anyone to become a Christian.
Notice how this also agrees with how the Roman Catholic Church has
operated over the years. God said he never changes so if the Koran was
from God and is considered infallible, then why would he have Mohammed
write verses in Mecca and then override them in Medina? (Malachi 3:6 For I
am the LORD, I change not; therefore ye sons of Jacob are not consumed.)
Islam has a long history of violence and killing people. Islam is known
for its Jihad or holy wars. Roman Catholicism had the crusades as her holy
wars. Many of the Muslims who kill and harm people are said to be radical
Muslims. This is not true. These Muslims are the true Muslims and are the
only ones truly obeying the Koran. If Christians obeyed the Holy Bible the
way these so called radicals obey the Koran, then this would be a much
different world we would live in. Women have no freedom or say in Islam
and are treated as property. In Islam then religion and government are
considered one. Lately Islam especially in the United States and Europe
has been trying to take over by having many children as well as getting
many people in the government. Islam wants to take over the world.

The Koran in Arabic is considered the holy book of Islam. It is
Qur'an in Arabic. Koran means "read" or "recitation". The Koran takes many
stories from the Holy Bible and then distorts them such as Abraham
sacrificing Isaac is changed to sacrificing Ishmael and the Genesis flood
story is distorted to a local flood. The Koran is considered only correct
in Arabic yet most Muslims do not speak or understand Arabic. They are
taught to memorize and site words, but they do not understand them. This
is also similar to how the Roman Catholic Church made her people listen to
Mass in Latin long after anyone understood Latin. These things are done
for control purposes. Many scientific and historical facts are wrong in
the Koran yet it says it is infallible or without error. Islam teaches
that the Holy Bible has been corrupted and that is why God gave the Koran
to Mohammed. Many contradictions exist in the Koran. A good English
translation of the Koran is the Generous Qur'an by Usama Dakdok.

Mohammed, who is the man God used to supposedly start the true
religion, was married to 23 women including Aisha who was 8 years old when
Mohammed married her. Some sources say she was 6. He was 53 when he
married her. God never approved of having multiple wives known as polygamy
or marrying such a young girl. Mohammed was considered the last and
greatest of all Muslim prophets.

The Muslim calendar starts with year 1 being in 622 when Mohammed
moved to Medina.  

A person supposedly becomes a Muslim at birth if the parents are
Muslim and one joining Islam becomes a Muslim by saying "There is no true
god but Allah and Mohammed is the prophet of God." This is known as the
Testimony of Faith (Shahada).

Islam has what is known as the Hadith besides the Koran. Hadiths are
supposed sayings and traditions of Mohammed that all Muslims are to
follow. The Koran and the Hadith are the two holy books of Islam.

Islam is broken up into two main branches known as the Sunnis and
Shiites (Shia). This would be similar to Christian denominations. The
Sunnis make up the vast majority of Muslims with about 85-90% and most of
the rest are Shiites with a small percentage made up of what are
considered cults by Muslims such as the Surfs and the Nation of Islam.
Following the death of Mohammed dissension arose over who should follow
Mohammed as the leader of Islam. Some Muslims followed Ali ibn Abi Talib
and these became the Shia Muslims and some Muslims followed Abu Bakr and
became the Sunni Muslims. The religious leaders of Islam are known as
Imams.

A Muslim enters heaven by having their good works outweigh their bad
works. A Muslim is supposedly only guaranteed heaven if they die in jihad.
This is one reason for so many Muslim suicide bombers as they believe they
go straight to heaven. In reality they go straight to hell for rejecting
Jesus as their Saviour and not because of suicide as so many people
believe and teach. Muslim men believe they will spend eternity with 72
virgins in heaven.

All Muslims are expected to follow the Five Pillars of Islam and they
are considered obligatory.  The first pillar is the Shahada or the
Declaration of Faith where a person declares that Allah is god and
Mohammed is his messenger. This supposedly makes a person a Muslim. After
becoming a Muslim, they are obligated to follow the other four pillars.

The second pillar is Salah or prayer. A Muslim is obligated to pray
five times a day at certain times while facing Mecca. Notice how they
copied from the Jews who face Jerusalem. Before praying a Muslim must wash
his hands, his face, and feet. A Christian can pray in any direction at
any time and no matter how dirty they are. A Muslim's prayers are just
repeated sayings. God condemned this vain repetition. (Matthew 6:7 But
when ye pray, use not vain repetitions, as the heathen do: for they think
that they shall be heard for their much speaking.) A Muslim kneels on the
ground and then prostrates his face rocking back and forth. A dedicated
Muslim can actually wear a spot in his forehead from the ground. The
mosque is the preferred place for prayer, but a Muslim must perform these
prayers no matter where they are. The declaration of faith is said in
every prayer, so it is said five times a day confirming they are a Muslim.
This faith is the first thing said to a baby and the last thing said to a
dying person.

The third pillar is Zakat or almsgiving. A Muslim is obligated to
spend 2.5% of their income on things supporting the Islamic community such
as the mosques. The rich are to give comparable to their wealth. The money
is to go to the community that you use. The Muslim must announce to Allah
they are giving the money and it then must be done the same day. The poor
are not obligated to give as much money, but then must do good works in
place of giving money.

The fourth pillar is Sawm (fasting). Muslims are expected to fast
during the month of Ramadan on the Islamic calendar. This month is
considered holy by Muslims. Ramadan changes each year on our calendar as
the Islamic calendar is based on a lunar year. Muslims are obligated to
fast from sunrise to sunset and to not only avoid eating food or drink but
to refrain from sex and smoking. They can do all of these things at night.
At the end of the month they break the fast with a three day feast.
Fasting is required for all Muslims who have reached puberty and only
those Muslims with medical issues are exempt from fasting.  

The fifth pillar is Hajj or pilgrimage. A Muslim is expected to make
the pilgrimage to Mecca at least one time in their lifetime during the
Islamic twelfth month. All Muslims making the pilgrimage are to wear only
two white sheets so all pilgrims look alike and there are no class
distinctions. These sheets are put on just before entering the sanctuary
area of Mecca as a sign of purity. The Muslim who has made the trip is
known as a hajj. The main rituals at the pilgrimage are walking seven
times around the Kaaba, touching the Black Stone, traveling seven times
between Mount Safa and Mount Marwah, and symbolically stoning the devil in
Mina. The pilgrimage is supposedly done to walk where Mohammed did and
hope Allah will give them spiritual insight as well. The black stone was
supposedly placed there by Mohammed and supposedly fell from heaven to be
a guide for Adam to build an altar. The black stone is known to have
occult connections to the Kaaba before Mohammed and with the fertility
goddess. The framework of the black stone is said to resemble the exterior
female genitalia (vulva). Muslims believe the stone was originally white
but became black from the sins of all the people touching it. Muslims
attempt to kiss the stone if possible during their hajj. The male changes
his headdress after making the hajj from the black checkered headdress to
a red checkered headdress. The Shiite Muslims five pillars are the same
with slight differences.

The Shiite Muslims look for the twelfth imam to come at the end of
time and restore peace and establish Islam throughout the world. They
believe the first eleven successors to Mohammed were the first eleven
Imams. The twelfth imam is supposedly alive and has been in occultation or
waiting supernaturally for his return. Supposedly the twelfth imam will
return with Jesus whom Muslims refer to as Isa. In order for him to return
the world must be fighting and much violence going on. This is one reason
that Muslims are also fighting either themselves or someone else. The
first eleven imams were all murdered. Both sects of Islam are always
fighting each other. If this was the true religion of God, this would not
be true. God said to love your enemies, but Muslims are always killing.
(Matthew 5:44 But I say unto you, Love your enemies, bless them that curse
you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully
use you, and persecute you;)

The three holiest cities in Islam are Mecca, Medina, and Jerusalem.
Muslims share some beliefs with Judaism and Christianity. They believe in
angels and hell. Some of the people considered prophets in Islam are Adam,
Noah, Abraham, Moses, and Jesus. Mohammed is considered the last and
greatest prophet of Islam.  

Muslims believe Jesus (Isa) was a prophet and believe he was born of
a virgin and performed miracles something they say not even Mohammed did
who is considered the greatest prophet. Muslims believe Jesus was a
prophet from birth. Jesus supposedly spoke at birth according to Muslims.
Muslims do not believe Jesus is the Son of God. Muslims say Allah has no
Son. Muslims believe Jesus was sinless, but say Mohammed sinned. The Koran
contradicts itself on the crucifixion of Jesus. Three verses say Jesus
died, but one says he did not. Muslim scholars claim Jesus did not die,
but was removed from the cross and Judas died in his place. Muslims
believe Jesus will return in the end times. The Koran says Jesus was
created from dust just like Adam. (Sura 3:59 ... He created him from dust.
...)

Muslims are not allowed to eat pork. Muslims want all nations to live
under Sharia which means Islamic law. Sharia is in Muslim majority
nations. Imams are the leaders of Islam who interpret the Koran and the
Hadith and Muslims worship in mosques. Just as Jews eat kosher meat,
Muslims are only supposed to eat halal meat which is meat that meets
certain specifications and is blessed for Allah. Christians should not eat
halal meat as Islamic terrorist groups receive money by those who certify
meat as halal and you are supporting terrorist groups. You are also
supporting meat dedicated to a false god Allah. Adam is considered the
first Muslim and first prophet of Islam.

The Koran says there are seven heavens when scripture says only three
heavens. (Sura 41:12) The Koran says the sun orbits the earth when it is
the other way around. (Sura 21:33) The Koran says the earth is flat. (Sura
71:19 and others) The Koran says the sun sets in a muddy spring. (Sura
18:86-90) The Koran says ants can speak languages of man. (Sura 27:18)
These false scientific facts and many others prove the Koran is not
inspired from God. Many contradictions are also found in the Koran again
showing it was not inspired.    

Sura 9:13 says Muslims are to fight and kill anyone who insults Islam
or Mohammed. All non-Muslims are considered infidels and are to be killed,
converted or forced to pay a tax. All Muslims who do not go to war will go
to hell. See how Islam controls its people. True Christianity does not do
that.  

Islam teaches that hell is a place where a person suffers both
physically and spiritually. The punishment is in relation to the sins they
committed. Islamic hell is made up of many levels with each one more
severe than the previous one. They believe hell is so deep that if you
dropped a stone in it that it would take 70 years to reach the bottom.
Islamic hell is referred to as Jahannam. Some Muslims believe that a
person in hell will eventually be annihilated. God says otherwise that it
will be everlasting punishment. (Matthew 25:46 And these shall go away
into everlasting punishment: but the righteous into life eternal.) Some
Muslim scholars believe hell is a sentient being rather than a place.
Muslims who seem like real Muslims on the outside, but really are not on
the inside go to hell. The level of hell is harsher for Jews, then
Christians, and then Muslims who deserve hell have the easiest level. A
Muslim can go to hell for improperly performing a ritual washing, cruelty
to animals, careless words, arrogance and stubbornness and other reasons
that the blood of Jesus can wash away.

Islam teaches that there are seven heavens. Jannah is the highest
heaven or paradise in Islam. Men who go to heaven are said to get 72
perpetual virgins. It does not say what women get. Some Muslim scholars
teach that in heaven a Muslim gets whatever they want. Muslims believe in
a day of judgment when all the dead will be brought back to life to face
judgment and if the good deeds outweigh the bad deeds then the Muslim goes
to heaven and others to hell. The Koran teaches that heaven is a beautiful
garden. A Muslim does not know where they will go until they reach the day
of judgment. Even Mohammed said he did not know where he would end up and
he is considered the restorer of Islam and greatest Muslim.

Islam teaches that Allah created the universe. Some places he did it
in six days and in other places it was much longer with each day lasting
50,000 years. This supports the false old earth belief.  

I previously mentioned how Islam wants to make the whole world
Muslims and have a world Islamic caliphate. This is happening in Europe
with not only many Muslims moving in, but also by having many children.
Places in France and Germany have been completely taken over by Muslims
and they refuse to let no-Muslims in their area even the police. This has
happened in smaller scale in Michigan in places like Dearborn. Muslim
terrorist groups have gained great grounds in recent years and have an
ultimate goal of destroying Israel. Many all over the world are suffering
at the hands of Muslims. Some theologians believe the antichrist will be a
Muslim rather than come from Europe since they are quickly taking over the
world. Many Muslims have gotten saved due to seeing the rise of Islamic
terror and preferring the peace of Jesus Christ. Many Muslims have seen
visions of Jesus and have gotten saved as well especially in Iran. I
believe many Muslims will get saved during the great tribulation. Islamic
nations along with Russia which has a large Muslim population will be the
nations as mentioned in Ezekiel 38-39 that will come against Israel in the
future in what is referred to as the battle of Gog and Magog. God will
supernaturally intervene to save Israel and will destroy most of the
attackers. I believe this will spell the end of Islam as a major
religion.    

Many non-Muslims including professing Christians say that the God of
the Bible is the same as Allah. No Muslim would ever say that. How sad
that professing Christians believe that. Some bible translators have even
used the name Allah in place of God. It is sad that a Muslim is wiser than
a professing Christian. The pope and the Roman Catholic Church say the god
of Islam is the same as the Christian God and that Muslims are saved
because they worship the same god. (See Catechism of the Catholic Church
841, page 223) They do not. Allah who is the god of Islam is not like
Jehovah God of the scriptures. God never changes yet Allah does. (Malachi
3:6 For I am the LORD, I change not; therefore ye sons of Jacob are not
consumed.) (Sura 2:106 Whatever verse we abrogate ... we bring a better
verse ...) God got scripture right the first time and does not need to
change it. Allah has no son, but God has his Son Jesus. (Sura 2:116) God's
love to us is unconditional whereas Allah's love is conditional to what
the Muslim does. (Romans 5:8 But God commendeth his love toward us, in
that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.) (Sura 2:190 ... Allah
does not love the transgressors.) God cannot lie yet Allah deceives
Muslims. (Titus 1:2 In hope of eternal life, which God, that cannot lie,
promised before the world began;) (Sura 3:54 ... Allah is the best
deceiver.) God became flesh in Jesus, but Allah never did. (John 1:14 And
the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the
glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth.)
(Sura 5:72) Islam denies the Godhead. (Sura 5:73) Muslims believe
Christians worship three Gods and say Allah is one god. Muslims do not
understand that God is one God in three persons. (I John 5:7 For there are
three that bear record in heaven, the Father, the Word, and the Holy
Ghost: and these three are one.) Allah is very removed and distant from
people whereas God very much cares and interacts with his creation,
especially man.

Islam does not believe in man being born with a sin nature passed on
from Adam. Salvation is simply based on one's works weighed out. The Bible
is believed by Muslims to have been a revelation from God, but that it has
been corrupted and superseded by the Koran.  

To any precious Muslim soul that may be listening to this sermon, I
plead to you that you realize that Allah is a false god, Satan himself,
and that you will turn to the Jesus of the Holy Bible who is more than
just a prophet, but is God himself. You can be guaranteed to go to heaven
without doing any works. All you need to do is to realize that you are a
sinner and call upon Jesus today and ask him to save you. If you did this
with sincerity in your heart then Jesus will save you and guarantees that
you will never lose your salvation and you will spend eternity with him.
Please get out of Islam which is nothing more than a terrorist religion
and call upon Jesus today. For those who are saved, please tell other
Muslims about Jesus so that they may be saved as well.  

Search for: _____________________  [ Search ]

Recent Comments

Archives

Categories

• No categories

Meta

• Log in
• Entries feed
• Comments feed
• WordPress.org

Created my free logo at LogoMakr.com

Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Copyright (c) 2024 Jesus is God and Lord Ministries | Credits
Powered by Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

