Link: profile
Link: dns-prefetch
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Feed (alternate)
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Comments Feed (alternate)
Link: preconnect
Link: preconnect
Link: https://api.w.org/
Link: alternate
Link: RSD (EditURI)
Link: canonical
Link: shortlink
Link: alternate
Link: alternate
Skip to content
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Ye Must Be Born Again

Main Menu

• HOME
• STORE
• ABOUT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD MINISTRIES
• BELIEFS
• CONTACT
• KING JAMES BIBLE TO READ AND LISTEN TO
• KING JAMES BIBLE WORDS AND PHRASES DEFINED
• WHY WE MUST BE BORN AGAIN
• WHAT MUST I DO TO BE SAVED (BE BORN AGAIN), HAVE ETERNAL LIFE AND GO
TO HEAVEN?
• NOW THAT I AM A BORN AGAIN CHRISTIAN, HOW DO I GROW (MATURE)?
• PROOF THAT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD
• SERMONS AND SCRIPTURE LESSONSMenu Toggle

• 3:16 Verses
• Abraham the obedient father and type of God the Father
• According to the word of the LORD
• Alleged Contradictions in Scripture
• Angels and spiritual beings
• Animals Teaching Man  
• Be like Jesus
• Be Thankful
• Bread in Scripture
• Christian Martyrs for Jesus
• Colors in Scripture
• Curse Israel and you will be cursed
• Dangers of Calvinism
• Deadliest battles in scripture
• Deserts in scripture and in our lives
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism
• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freedom and Liberty come from God
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise
• From the resurrection to the ascension
• Genealogies of Jesus
• Gifts of the Holy Ghost
• God is Light
• God is Love
• God the Holy Ghost
• Halloween and the connection to Satan
• Honour Thy Mother
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus is the door that all must enter for everlasting life
• Jesus is the Light of the World and Christians Should Reflect
that Light
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jesus versus Mohammad
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Jonah
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Jude
• Malachi   
• Martyrs in the Lord's Army
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Nahum
• Nehemiah 3 and the ten gates of the Jerusalem wall
• Obadiah
• Our Nation Was Founded Upon God
• Philemon
• Prayer
• Pre-incarnate Appearances of Jesus (Theophanies)
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Proof that Jesus is God
• Prophecies Fulfilled by Jesus at his First Coming
• Prophecies of the Second Coming of Jesus
• Psalm 23
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines
• Santa is Satan and his little elves are devils
• Serve in the Lord's Army
• Seven Vial Judgments of Revelation
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  
• Star of Bethlehem
• Thankful people in scripture  
• The Battle of Gog and Magog
• The Books of God
• The Crucifixion of Jesus
• The Egyptian gods and goddesses of the ten plagues and their
judgment and defeat by the God of gods
• The Exodus   
• The Good Samaritan
• The Gospel in Stone
• The Gospel in the Stars
• The Greatest Father Anyone Can Have And Everyone Needs
• The Handwriting of God
• The Illegal Trial of Jesus
• The King James Bible Built-in Dictionary
• The Miracles at the Crucifixion of Jesus
• The New Year's resolutions that need to be kept
• The Number Seven in Scripture
• The Number Three in Scripture  
• The Riotous Son
• The True Creationism of the Scriptures versus False Theories
• The Unscriptural Flat Earth Theory
• The Unscriptural Lucifer Flood  
• The Widow Woman and the Oil  
• The Word Became Flesh
• Types of the Holy Ghost in scripture
• Was Jesus born on Christmas?
• Was Jesus Crucified on Friday?
• Water in Scripture
• Weather in scripture
• Who are the sons of God of Genesis 6?
• Work is from God
• Worshipping God in psalms, hymns, and spiritual songs
• Zephaniah

• VIDEOS
• HYMNS
• FOR PRECIOUS JEWISH SOULSMenu Toggle

• Meet the Jewish Messiah
• False Religion of Judaism
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  

• FOR PRECIOUS ROMAN CATHOLIC SOULSMenu Toggle

• False Doctrines of Roman Catholicism
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• CULTSMenu Toggle

• Roman CatholicismMenu Toggle

• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism

• FALSE RELIGIONSMenu Toggle

• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise

• RECOMMENDED BOOKS FOR READING
• LINKS
• CHECKOUT
• New items are available in the store for purchase.

0

False Doctrines of Mormonism

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints (LDS) is one of the
largest cults with many false doctrines and is therefore false
Christianity. There are 16.6 million Mormons as they are usually called.
The Mormons were founded by Joseph Smith in the 1820's and early 1830's in
New York. Joseph Smith claimed to have received a new revelation from an
angel which he originally believed was a devil. He was right. Some prophet
if he cannot discern if his visions are from God or Satan. He said this
angel later appeared as light. This is what Satan does. (II Corinthians
11:14 And no marvel; for Satan himself is transformed into an angel of
light.) He began writing the Book of Mormon on April 12, 1828 and
completed it in June 1829, but later added to it and it has changed over
the years. Joseph claimed this angel Moroni (who was supposedly originally
a man and the one who hid the golden plates) gave him golden plates (or
some say told him of the hill where he hid them) written in a so called
non-existent reformed Egyptian language which Joseph then used to write
the Book of Mormon. [See Pearl of Great Price Joseph Smith-History
1:30-35)] Men do not become angels. Joseph then claimed to have given the
golden plates back to the angel. Joseph claimed the angel first told him
of the location of the golden plates in 1823 that were supposedly buried
in a hill. Joseph Smith claimed that God the Father and Jesus Christ told
him not to join any of the existing churches as they were all wrong and an
abomination, but to start this new church that would restore the church to
its founding. [See Pearl of Great Price Joseph Smith- History 1:19-20)]
Joseph was said to be a prophet and baptized his first converts in 1829
and started the church April 6, 1830. [See Doctrine and Covenants 20:1)]
God warned against so called new revelations since scripture has been
closed since the 66 books of the King James Bible were completed prior to
A.D. 100. The Mormons as all cults claim they are the proper true church
as all of the others had been corrupted. God promised to always preserve
people for him. What Mormons do not realize is that even if hypothetically
all denominations were corrupt, it does not matter because the true church
is not a denomination, but is made up of all true born again believers who
have received Jesus as their Saviour. God warned us by Paul that if even
an angel preached to you another gospel than what Paul was preaching then
we were not to believe it. The Mormons have a different gospel so it is
not to be believed. (Galatians 1:6-9 I marvel that ye are so soon removed
from him that called you into the grace of Christ unto another gospel:
7 Which is not another; but there be some that trouble you, and would
pervert the gospel of Christ.
8 But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you
than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed.
9 As we said before, so say I now again, If any man preach any other
gospel unto you than that ye have received, let him be accursed.)      

Joseph Smith would later use a hat to look into to get visions. God
condemns this practice. Joseph was arrested in New York for being a fraud
and a thief and charged with treason. He left New York for Ohio and then
moved to Missouri where he hoped to start the New Jerusalem in Jackson
County, Missouri. He said the original garden of Eden was in Jackson
County, Missouri and the New Jerusalem would be here. He and the Mormons
where kicked out of Missouri by the governor for violence and they moved
to Illinois and bought the town of Commerce and renamed it Nauvoo a Hebrew
word that means "to be beautiful". Joseph was killed in 1844 in a gun
battle in which he killed two men and Brigham Young took over and moved
the Mormons to Utah where the headquarters has been in Salt Lake City ever
since. Joseph Smith was in a Carthage, Illinois jail at the time of his
death for destroying the printing press of the newspaper that exposed the
sin and false teaching of polygamy and that the Godhead was multiple Gods
instead of one God as in scripture. The Mormons had to give up the
practice of polygamy so that Utah could be allowed to become a state. It
is still secretly practiced by some and some groups have split off that
publically practice it. Over the years many groups have broken off from
the Mormon church and have founded other Mormon denominations with the
differences being such things as practice of polygamy and some other
differences. They each believe they are the true church and think the
other ones are cults. The irony is that they all are cults. Otherwise they
are very similar in beliefs. I will mostly be focusing on the main Mormon
church for this study. For many years Mormons never claimed to be
Christians. It was only in more recent times due to the bad rap they felt
they were getting that they claimed to be Christians. Much of Mormons
false doctrines are heresy (heretical) and pure blasphemy.

Joseph Smith had a 14 year old girl for one of his wives. He taught
that people lived on the moon. Joseph claimed he was greater than Jesus
since the apostles ran away from Jesus yet no one had run away from him
yet. God hates pride. (Proverbs 16:18 Pride goeth before destruction, and
an haughty spirit before a fall.) Joseph claimed to be smarter than all
the people in the world put together. (Romans 12:3 For I say, through the
grace given unto me, to every man that is among you, not to think of
himself more highly than he ought to think; but to think soberly,
according as God hath dealt to every man the measure of faith.) Joseph was
involved in magic and the occult. God condemns the practice of occult in
(Deuteronomy 18:10-12 There shall not be found among you any one that
maketh his son or his daughter to pass through the fire, or that useth
divination, or an observer of times, or an enchanter, or a witch,
11 Or a charmer, or a consulter with familiar spirits, or a wizard, or a
necromancer.
12 For all that do these things are an abomination unto the LORD: and
because of these abominations the LORD thy God doth drive them out from
before thee.) The Doctrine and Covenants originally spoke of his occult
practices, but was changed in 1835 to hide this. Joseph Smith claimed to
author the Book of Mormon, but today it just says he translated it. Joseph
made some false prophesies including that Jesus would return by 1891.
Jesus did not. Scripture says that we do not know the day or the hour of
his return, nor do the angels yet Joseph thought he did. (Matthew 24:36 ¶
But of that day and hour knoweth no man, no, not the angels of heaven, but
my Father only.) We are also told that if someone says they are a prophet
of God and it does not come true then they are not from him. (Deuteronomy
18:22 When a prophet speaketh in the name of the LORD, if the thing follow
not, nor come to pass, that is the thing which the LORD hath not spoken,
but the prophet hath spoken it presumptuously: thou shalt not be afraid of
him.) This proves Joseph was not a prophet of God. Joseph said God did not
create everything from nothing. He claimed matter has always been here and
that God just molded it. Where did this matter come from then? (Genesis
1:1 In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.) Joseph Smith
was a high ranking Freemason. Freemasonry is from Satan, not God. The book
of Abraham, which Joseph Smith said he wrote, which is within the Pearl of
Great Price has been proven to be an ancient Egyptian funeral ceremony
showing him to be a fraud and liar. It has nothing to do with Abraham.
This proves he was not able to translate Egyptian and was a liar and
fraud. The Mormon church has the original document he said he translated
from with his writing on the back, yet they try and say that it is not the
one he translated from to try and save face [keep themselves from looking
bad], knowing this proves he was a fraud. Does this sound like a man that
God would have for his prophet and one to supposedly restore the true
church? I think not.

Orson Pratt who was one of the original members of the Quorum of  the
Twelve Apostles said vegetables have living spirits and can feel, know,
and rejoice. I have already shown in my Genesis 1-11 study how God does
not consider plants to be alive. Orson also said a Mormon could obtain
eternal life by eating "celestial vegetables". God said we obtain eternal
life by his Son Jesus, not "celestial vegetables". (John 3:15 That
whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have eternal life.) Such
bizarre teachings by a Mormon leader.

Most of the early Mormon church leaders were Freemasons including the
first five presidents. Joseph Smith who was himself a Freemason, modeled
the Endowment ceremony after Freemason ceremonies and symbols and admitted
so. The Endowment ceremony takes place in the temple and is where the
participants reenact the fall of Adam and Eve, get their temple garments,
a new secret name, and are prepared to become kings, queens, priests, and
priestesses in the afterlife. Not a Christian ceremony by any means. The
temple at Salt Lake City, the main Mormon temple and headquarters of
Mormons has many Masonic symbols on it that were around long before
Mormonism was. Some of the Masonic symbols on it are the All-Seeing Eye
which represents Satan, the inverted five point star known as a pentagram
that is used by Satanists, the sun, moon, and stars, the beehive, and the
clasped hands or grip. Mormon temple garments have the compass and square
stitched on them. The temple garments which are to be worn everyday by
Mormons that have earned them in the ceremony are meant to remind the
Mormons of the covenants made in the temple Endowment ceremony.
Freemasonry is of Satan and is outward worship of Satan at the highest
levels. No true Christian should have anything to do with Freemasonry let
alone a pastor. Unfortunately many Baptist pastors are Freemasons and I
believe this has led to some of the problems in Baptist churches. Why does
a supposed Christian church as the Mormon church claims to be have satanic
Masonic symbols all over her temples that are considered the most holy
Mormon place and have many church leaders who are Freemasons, yet they do
not recognize the cross and have the symbol of the cross anywhere? They
claim they do not use it since it is a symbol of Jesus' death. I believe
it is because the Mormon church is controlled by Satan and the cross
reminds Satan of his defeat. (Ephesians 5:11 And have no fellowship with
the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove them.)  

The Mormon church has had a few names since its founding. It was The
Church of Christ initially in 1830 which supposedly came from Jesus
himself, then  changed to Church of the Latter day Saints in 1834 and
finally to its current name in 1838 of The Church of Jesus Christ of
Latter-day Saints. Was Jesus wrong? Why change the name so often for a
church supposedly founded by Jesus as all of the others were considered an
abomination? They should have been able to get it right the first time if
truly spoken to by Jesus. [For thus shall my church be called in the last
days, even The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. (Doctrine of
Covenants 115:4)] The 1833 edition has the first name and the 1835 edition
the second name for the church. If God was behind the name it should not
keep changing. This also shows how different editions of Mormon books
change just like the Mormon Doctrine of Bruce McConkie had doctrines
dealing with blacks changed after the Mormon church started allowing
blacks in the priesthood.

Secret ceremonies are done in Mormon temples. Nothing in a Baptist
church is secret and God condemns secret societies. Secret societies are
of Satan. Temples are no longer needed today since Jesus rose from the
grave. Jesus tore the veil in the temple at his death showing the temple
was no longer needed. Now a Christian's body is a temple. Mormons have
prophets, but prophets ended when scripture was completed.

Mormons are taught mostly about Mormon prophets and not the prophets
of scripture. Many think they are not sinners if they live are living a
good life. They worship Joseph and place a priority on him, not Jesus
Christ. Joseph Smith's teachings override those of Jesus. Jesus is just a
spiritual brother to them and no better than them as they can be like him
if they be a good Mormon. The Mormon Jesus is nothing like the scriptural
Jesus.

Mormonism teaches that Mormons are descendants of the Israelites
especially the tribes of Ephraim and Manasseh. [And then shall the remnant
of our seed know concerning us, how that we came out from Jerusalem, and
that they are descendants of the Jews. (Book of Mormon II Nephi 30:4)]
Mormonism also teaches that the American Indians are descended from the
Israelites. Mormonism teaches in the Book of Mormon that some of the Jews
escaped from Israel just before the Babylonian captivity to America and
the Indians and others are from those people. DNA tests have proven both
Indians and Mormons are not from the Israelites. In fact the American
Indian is closely related to the Chinese and other oriental people.
Mormonism  has adopted much of Jewish ideas. They have temples with a holy
of holies that the president enters as the high priest. They have a
priesthood. None of these things belong in a true church.

Mormons are required to pay tithes. This is done by cults to
guarantee money. Those who do not cannot enter the temple or the celestial
kingdom. Mormons are required to declare their earnings each year to the
church. God does command us to pay tithes and says those who do not are
robbing him, but I a Baptist pastor nor any other Baptist pastor would
ever require a person to pay tithes. I highly encourage them to pay tithes
in obedience to God, but would never command it. That is between them and
God. Those who do not are accountable to God, not me. I do not know what
earnings each church member makes. (Malachi 3:8 ¶ Will a man rob God? Yet
ye have robbed me. But ye say, Wherein have we robbed thee? In tithes and
offerings.)

Mormon males are required to serve a spell as missionaries often in a
foreign country they do not like. God does expect every Christian to
witness for him, but he calls missionaries and a church has no right to
mandate someone to be one. This is again power and abuse by the church
leaders. This is something all cults do.

Some good videos that are about Mormonism and its corruption and lies
are the DVD's from sourceflix.com. A good book is Secrets Mormons Don't
Want You To Know written by former Mormon Cindy Benson who got truly saved
by the blood of Jesus.

Mormons as all cults have additional books besides the Holy Bible.
Mormons believe the Holy Bible has been corrupted and that is why they
received the new revelations to fix the corruption. [Wherefore, thou seest
that after the book hath gone forth through the hands of the great and
abominable church, that there are many plain and precious things taken
away from the book, which is the book of the Lamb of God. (Book of Mormon
13:28)] Mormonism says the abominable church is any church that is not
Mormon. The Book of Mormon is the largest and details many so called
revelations. The Book of Mormon is subtitled Another Testament of Jesus
Christ as if Joseph Smith received this from Jesus. It is considered
scripture and supposedly restores the lost truths due to corruption. The
Book of Mormon has been modified many times over the years and changed
though the church denies this but comparing different versions confirms
these changes. If it is truly scripture it should not be changing. Other
books used by Mormons that are considered scripture and equal to the Holy
Bible are Doctrine and Covenants and Pearl of Great Price. There are other
books and writings as well from church leaders such as the Journal of
Discourses that contains sermons from Joseph Smith and other early church
leaders and the Mormon Doctrine from church leader Bruce McConkie. They
also have the Encyclopedia of Mormonism to explain much of their false
doctrines. Cults do this as scripture is never good enough to explain
things for them. Joseph Smith had his own translation of the bible just as
many cults do known as the Joseph Smith Translation of the Bible (JST) or
the Inspired Version of the Bible (IV) as if the King James Bible was not
inspired which Mormons use. His translation did not last long, but the
church has recently been making a new translation of the bible, the New
Testament A Translation For Latter-Day Saints. Some of Joseph Smith's
translation is found in the other Mormon books and also as footnotes in
the King James Bibles they print. Joseph Smith did not even know Hebrew or
Greek so how could he translate scripture? God says to use scripture for
your doctrine, not books from man. (II Timothy 3:16 All scripture is given
by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for
correction, for instruction in righteousness:) Mormons say it is okay to
add to the Holy Bible since it does not contain everything needed to know.
[Wo be unto him that shall say: We have received the word of God, and we
need no more of the word of God, for we have enough! (Book of Mormon II
Nephi 28:29)] [Wherefore because that ye have a Bible ye need not suppose
that it contains all my words; neither need ye suppose that I have not
caused more to be written. (Book of Mormon II Nephi 29:10)] God warned not
to add to scripture. (Revelation 22:18-19 For I testify unto every man
that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book, If any man shall add
unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in
this book:

19 And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this
prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of
the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book.)  If
the Book of Mormon is true scripture why is it not just added to the Holy
Bible the way Roman Catholics and Eastern Orthodox add books to their
bibles? Mormonism's added books have false historical facts in them as
well as contradictions not only from the King James Bible but among
different Mormon books and writings. God has no contradictions in his true
word. This proves these added books and writings are not from God.
Mormonism teaches that the church leaders will get new revelations in the
future and will add another book to those already added besides the Holy
Bible.

This is only some of Mormonism's false doctrines. Some Mormon sources
will say one thing about a doctrine and another will contradict it so you
may find a source that contradicts what I have here. This shows Mormonism
is not from God as he is not the author of confusion. (I Corinthians 14:33
For God is not the author of confusion, but of peace, as in all churches
of the saints.) Some Mormon doctrines have changed over the years. This
again shows they are not a church from God. God never changes. (Hebrews
13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.)

1. Only true church. Mormons as all cults believe they are the only true
church and only Mormons can be saved. [... the only true and living church
upon the face of the whole earth ... (Doctrine and Covenants 1:30)] Bruce
McConkie a Mormon leader said in his Mormon Doctrine on page 670 that
"There is no salvation outside the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day
Saints". Joseph Smith said all who were not Mormons were damned. Mormon
apostle Marion Romney said the Mormon church "is the way, the truth, and
the life." Jesus said he was. A church will never save you, not even a
Baptist church, only Jesus can. (John 14:6 Jesus saith unto him, I am the
way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.)
John 3:36 says to believe in the Son Jesus for everlasting life, not the
Mormon church. (John 3:36 He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting
life: and he that believeth not the Son shall not see life; but the wrath
of God abideth on him.) 

2. Mormons deny the Godhead. Mormons say that there is God the Father,
Jesus, and the Holy Ghost, but say they are all separate people and are
three Gods, not one God as scripture says. Bruce McConkie a leader of the
church said "There are three Gods-the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost". (I
John 5:7 For there are three that bear record in heaven, the Father, the
Word, and the Holy Ghost: and these three are one.)

3. God was originally a man. Mormons believe God the Father was originally
a man from another planet who became God. They believe God the Father and
Jesus were originally spirits before becoming men and then they became God
or Gods in Mormon's eyes. (Psalm 90:2 Before the mountains were brought
forth, or ever thou hadst formed the earth and the world, even from
everlasting to everlasting, thou art God.)

4. God the Father had a father. Joseph Smith taught that God the Father
had a father since he said how can a person be a father without having
been a son. Scripture says otherwise. (Isaiah 43:10 Ye are my witnesses,
saith the LORD, and my servant whom I have chosen: that ye may know and
believe me, and understand that I am he: before me there was no God
formed, neither shall there be after me.)

5. God is a polygamist. Mormons teach that God is a polygamist married to
many wives. Scripture says God is a Spirit and holy spirits including holy
angels do not marry. (Matthew 22:30 For in the resurrection they neither
marry, nor are given in marriage, but are as the angels of God in heaven.)
Mormons believe that Mary was one of his wives and they gave birth to
Jesus through natural intercourse. Scripture says Joseph was the husband
of Mary. They do say Mary was also married to Joseph.

6. God lives on a planet near the star Kolob. [... Koleb is set nigh unto
the throne of God ... (Pearl of Great Price Abraham 3:9)] Scripture says God
lives in heaven. (Psalm 11:4 The LORD is in his holy temple, the LORD'S
throne is in heaven: his eyes behold, his eyelids try, the children of
men.) (Matthew 6:9 After this manner therefore pray ye: Our Father which
art in heaven, Hallowed be thy name.)

7. There are millions of gods. Mormons believe there are millions of gods
and God the Father is just one of them. Brigham Young taught the number of
gods is unaccountable. Scripture says there is one God. (Isaiah 45:22 Look
unto me, and be ye saved, all the ends of the earth: for I am God, and
there is none else.)

8. Man can become a god. Mormons teach that man can become God. They
believe God was a man and became God and they too can do the same and have
billions of spiritual children to populate their own planet that they can
be God the Father over their own planet. I am sure women are thrilled with
the idea of being pregnant for all eternity. Scripture never says we will
become God and rule our own planet. All cults always teach they can become
gods. Satan has promised this since he deceived Eve. Man has always wanted
to be God so this part of a cult always appeals to people. This belief of
being a god with your own planet can be seen by the two added verses in
the Joseph Smith Translation before Genesis 1:1 in the King James Bible.
Joseph added "concerning this heaven and this earth" as if the Bible was
only for this heaven and earth and there would be another bible for
another heaven and earth by their god. This shows how cults make changes
in their bibles to support their false doctrines.

9. Mormons do not worship Jesus or the Holy Ghost and say it is wrong to
do so. Bruce McConkie a church leader said this to people at Brigham Young
University a Mormon university. God the Father said to worship Jesus.
(Hebrews 1:6 And again, when he bringeth in the firstbegotten into the
world, he saith, And let all the angels of God worship him.)

10. Mormons teach that Jesus was not born of a virgin or conceived by the
Holy Ghost. Mormons believe Jesus was born like any other man, a natural
birth. If Jesus was born naturally he would have been born with a sin
nature like everyone else and could not be our Saviour as he would need
one for himself. Mormons believe God the Father had physical sex with Mary
to produce Jesus and that Mary was his wife. (Matthew 1:18 ¶ Now the birth
of Jesus Christ was on this wise: When as his mother Mary was espoused to
Joseph, before they came together, she was found with child of the Holy
Ghost.) (Matthew 1:20 But while he thought on these things, behold, the
angel of the Lord appeared unto him in a dream, saying, Joseph, thou son
of David, fear not to take unto thee Mary thy wife: for that which is
conceived in her is of the Holy Ghost.) (Matthew 1:23 Behold, a virgin
shall be with child, and shall bring forth a son, and they shall call his
name Emmanuel, which being interpreted is, God with us.) Matthew 1:20
shows that Mary is the wife of Joseph, not God the Father as Mormonism
claims.

11. Jesus does not live in your heart. Mormons say Jesus does not live in
your heart. [... the idea that the Father and the Son dwell in a man's heart
is an old sectarian notion, and is false. (Doctrine and Covenants 130:3]
(Ephesians 3:17 That Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith; that ye,
being rooted and grounded in love,)

12. Jesus came to America after his resurrection. Mormons are taught that
after Jesus rose from the grave he came to America to speak to the Nephi
(a made up people). Scripture never says such a thing.

13. Jesus was born in Jerusalem. Mormons claim Jesus was born in Jerusalem
when scripture says he was born in Bethlehem. [... he shall be born of Mary,
at Jerusalem ... (Book of Mormon Alma 7:10)] (Matthew 2:1 Now when Jesus was
born in Bethlehem of Judaea in the days of Herod the king, behold, there
came wise men from the east to Jerusalem,)

14. Jesus was married. Mormons claim Jesus was married at the wedding at
Cana. [From the Journal of Discourses volume 2, page 210 it says "... Jesus
Christ was married at Cana of Galilee ...".]  Scripture never says Jesus was
married as he will marry the true church which is his bride. Jesus was
invited to the wedding in Cana. A person is not invited to their own
wedding. (John 2:2 And both Jesus was called, and his disciples, to the
marriage.)

15. Jesus was a polygamist and a dad. Mormons teach that Jesus had
children and multiple wives just as God the Father in order to justify
their false doctrine of polygamy. Mormonism teaches that some of his wives
were Mary and Martha.

16. Jesus is one of many gods and became a god. Scripture says Jesus has
always been God. (Hebrews 1:8 But unto the Son he saith, Thy throne, O
God, is for ever and ever: a sceptre of righteousness is the sceptre of
thy kingdom.)

17. Jesus Christ of scripture is not the Jesus Christ of Mormonism. This
we agree on. Gordon B. Hinckley who was the 15^th president of the Mormon
church said in 1998 in the LDS Church News that "The traditional Christ of
whom they speak is not the Christ of whom I speak". (Mark 13:6 For many
shall come in my name, saying, I am Christ; and shall deceive many.)

18. Lucifer and Jesus are spiritual brothers. Mormons believe that Lucifer
and Jesus were spiritual brothers and both wanted the chance to be the
Saviour of man. Jesus was chosen and Lucifer got mad and became Satan.
Jesus created Lucifer and is not his spiritual brother. [This can be found
in Pearl of Great Price Moses 4:1-3.] (Ezekiel 28:13 Thou hast been in
Eden the garden of God; every precious stone was thy covering, the
sardius, topaz, and the diamond, the beryl, the onyx, and the jasper, the
sapphire, the emerald, and the carbuncle, and gold: the workmanship of thy
tabrets and of thy pipes was prepared in thee in the day that thou wast
created.) (Colossians 1:16 For by him were all things created, that are in
heaven, and that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether they be
thrones, or dominions, or principalities, or powers: all things were
created by him, and for him:)

19. Adam had no blood prior to his sin and that Jesus had to shed his
blood since Adam had none. Mormons teach that Jesus only shed his blood
because Adam only got blood after his sin so he could not shed his. Adam
had to have blood prior to the fall of man since scripture says the life
is in the blood and he had life prior to his sin. (Leviticus 17:11 For the
life of the flesh is in the blood: and I have given it to you upon the
altar to make an atonement for your souls: for it is the blood that maketh
an atonement for the soul.)

20. Jesus was crucified because he was a polygamist. [The grand reason of
the burst of public sentiment in anathemas upon Christ and his disciples,
causing his crucifixion, was evidently based upon polygamy ... (Journal of
Discourses vol. 1, page 346)] (I Corinthians 15:3 For I delivered unto you
first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins
according to the scriptures;) Jesus was crucified for claiming to be God,
not for being a polygamist of which he was not. No other polygamists in
scripture were ever persecuted for having multiple wives so why would
Jesus be?

21. Jesus cannot save people from their sins. Mormonism says Jesus cannot
save people. They say all people are their own Saviours in the Journal of
Discourses. [... he cannot save them in their "sins" ... (Book of Mormon Alma
11:37)] If Jesus cannot save us from our sins, there was no point for him
to come to earth and become a man and die on the cross, be buried and rise
again from the grave. That was the whole purpose of his first coming.
(John 12:47 And if any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him
not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world.) (Luke 9:56
For the Son of man is not come to destroy men's lives, but to save them.
And they went to another village.) (Luke 19:10 For the Son of man is come
to seek and to save that which was lost.) (John 3:17 For God sent not his
Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him
might be saved.) Jesus is the only name that can save us. (Acts 4:12
Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name
under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved.)

22. God the Father, Jesus, and the Holy Ghost are not omnipresent. By
denying the omnipresence for these members of the Godhead, Mormons are
denying their deity. (Matthew 6:6 But thou, when thou prayest, enter into
thy closet, and when thou hast shut thy door, pray to thy Father which is
in secret; and thy Father which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly.)
Jesus is with all believers gathered together at the same time. (Matthew
18:20 For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I
in the midst of them.) Jesus was in heaven at the same time he was here on
earth. (John 3:13 And no man hath ascended up to heaven, but he that came
down from heaven, even the Son of man which is in heaven.) The Holy Ghost
lives in all true believers all over the world at the same time. (I
Corinthians 6:19 What? know ye not that your body is the temple of the
Holy Ghost which is in you, which ye have of God, and ye are not your
own?)  

23. Joseph Smith said when a person became a Mormon there Gentile blood
was replaced with Israelite blood by the Holy Ghost. Scripture never says
such a thing.

24. Obeying the ten commandments is necessary to save a Mormon. [... except,
ye shall keep the commandments of God ye shall all likewise perish ... (Book
of Mormon II Nephi 30:1)] This is works salvation. It is also impossible
for anyone to obey all of the commandments all of the time and that is the
exact reason Jesus had to come to earth to die for our sins. (Titus 3:5
Not by works of righteousness which we have done, but according to his
mercy he saved us, by the washing of regeneration, and renewing of the
Holy Ghost;)

25. Sins are forgiven by doing good works. [That by keeping the
commandments they might be washed and cleansed from all their sins ...
(Doctrine and Covenants 76:52)] [... for we know that it is by grace that we
are saved, after all we can do. (Book of Mormon II Nephi 25:23)] The Book
of Mormon quotes from Ephesians 2:8, but then adds works saying all we can
do. Mormons believe grace only comes after all they do. (Ephesians 2:8-9
For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is
the gift of God:

9Not of works, lest any man should boast.) Mormons teach that it is "utter
nonsense" to believe we are saved by faith alone in Jesus. (I Corinthians
2:14 But the natural man receiveth not the things of the Spirit of God:
for they are foolishness unto him: neither can he know them, because they
are spiritually discerned.) All cults and false religions require doing
good works for salvation.

26. Receive the Holy Ghost by laying on of hands by the Mormon priest. [...
receive the Holy Spirit by the laying on of the hands of him who is
ordained and sealed unto this power; (Doctrine and Covenants 76:52)] A
person receives the Holy Ghost the moment they are saved not by some man
laying hands on you.

27. Mormons must be married in the Temple in order to go to the highest
levels of heaven after death. Scripture never says we must be married in a
Mormon temple. This again adds works to reach God.

28. Doctrine of salvation alone by grace was started by Satan. Mormons
teach that grace alone is from Satan. This shows the control of Satan on
Mormonism. Cults always add works to salvation. (II Timothy 1:9 Who hath
saved us, and called us with an holy calling, not according to our works,
but according to his own purpose and grace, which was given us in Christ
Jesus before the world began,) The plan of salvation existed before God
even created the world or Satan.

29. There are two types of salvation. Mormonism teaches that there are two
types of salvation: unconditional and conditional. Unconditional is the
mere fact of being resurrected according to Bruce McConkie. Conditional
according to McConkie is for those who inherit the celestial kingdom and
is for those who have coupled grace with gospel obedience. He says this
kind of salvation follows faith, repentance, baptism, receiving the Holy
Ghost, and continual good works. A person does not get full salvation
until they become a god. This is completely unscriptural as either you are
saved or you are not. You cannot become more saved. You can only grow as a
Christian.

30. Must believe Joseph Smith is a prophet and Joseph is necessary for
salvation. McConkie said in Mormon Doctrine on page 670 that without
Joseph Smith there would be no salvation. Other leaders have said similar
statements. It is also said that on Judgment day people will stand before
God, Jesus, and Joseph Smith. Joseph Fielding Smith, a descendent of
Joseph Smith and a president of the church said that Joseph Smith must
give his permission before someone is allowed in the celestial kingdom
including even for him. If a president has no guarantee of entry into the
celestial kingdom what hope does a regular Mormon have? Cult leaders are
always placed on a level with God.

31. Joseph Smith said some sins cannot be forgiven. Joseph Smith said some
sins such as being a murderer have no forgiveness. If that was the case
then he could have no forgiveness as he killed people. Scripture says only
the blasphemy of the Holy Ghost which is really the rejection of Jesus is
the only unforgiveable sin. Moses killed a man, yet he was forgiven and
saved. (Matthew 12:31 ¶ Wherefore I say unto you, All manner of sin and
blasphemy shall be forgiven unto men: but the blasphemy against the Holy
Ghost shall not be forgiven unto men.) Verse 31 here shows that all sin
including murder can be forgiven except blasphemy of the Holy Ghost.

32. Blood atonement never existed. Mormons hate the blood atonement and
deny it ever was done. Many scriptures show that this is not true.
(Hebrews 9:22 And almost all things are by the law purged with blood; and
without shedding of blood is no remission.) There are many examples of the
animal sacrifices done as a type of the blood Jesus shed for our
atonement.

33. Scripture is fallible (not perfect). Mormons believe scripture is only
correct where it has been translated correctly, yet they will not say
which places have been translated properly and which have not. Article of
Faith #8 says "We believe the Bible to be the word of God as far as it is
translated correctly ...". God said he would preserve his words and he has
in the King James Bible which Mormons are calling corrupt. (Psalm 12:6-7
The words of the LORD are pure words: as silver tried in a furnace of
earth, purified seven times.
7Thou shalt keep them, O LORD, thou shalt preserve them from this
generation for ever.)

34. Book of Mormon is superior to the Holy Bible. Cults always place their
books above scripture. Article of Faith #8 says "... we believe the Book of
Mormon to be the word of God." Joseph Smith in the History of the Church
volume 4 page 461 said "The book of Mormon is more correct than the Bible
..." Joseph says more correct so he is admitting it has errors. Richard
LeGrand who was one of the twelve apostles of the Mormon church said that
the Book of Mormon had a familiar spirit. I agree with him as it was given
by a devil to Joseph, not by God. God said to kill those with a familiar
spirit and to stay away from them so if the Book of Mormon has a familiar
spirit as a church leader says, how can it be of God? (Leviticus 19:31 ¶
Regard not them that have familiar spirits, neither seek after wizards, to
be defiled by them: I am the LORD your God.)  Joseph Smith added himself
to the Book of Mormon to make it appear that God predicted his coming.
This is exactly what a cult leader would do. Joseph Smith translated the
Book of Mormon by looking into a hat with a glass stone in it. This is
occultic, an abomination of God and shows the Book of Mormon came from
Satan, not God. The Book of Mormon has had close to 4,000 changes made
over the years showing it is not inspired scripture. Many of those were
spelling and other grammatical errors since Joseph Smith was a bad
speller. He claims to have written down what was translated for him, so
there should not have been spelling and grammar errors. This proves the
Book of Mormon is not inspired and Joseph Smith was a fraud. Other changes
over the years changed doctrine. The Mormon church still says it is true
despite the evidence. Much of the King James Bible is quoted in the Book
of Mormon such as Mosiah 14 is a copy of Isaiah 53, II Nephi is Isaiah 2,
II Nephi 14 is Isaiah 4, III Nephi 13 is almost word for word the same as
Matthew 6, part of Moroni 10 contains some of I Corinthians 12:1-11 with
some word changes and there are others such as III Nephi 11:33-34 which
contains Mark 16:16 almost word for word, and part of I John 5:7 is
paraphrased in III Nephi 11:27. There are many other examples. Why would
this be? ? If the Book of Mormon is so superior, then why do most Mormon
doctrines come from other sources and usually contradict the Book of
Mormon?

35. Mormons must believe the Book of Mormon is of God or they will go to
hell. Orson Pratt who was a Mormon church apostle said "... the Book of
Mormon is such, that if true, no one can possibly be saved and reject it."
Pratt also said "... embrace the message of salvation contained in the Book
of Mormon, and be baptized into this church ... if they do not embrace the
Book of Mormon, as a divine revelation ... They will be ... sent down to hell
...". Scripture says whosoever calls on the name of Jesus shall be saved,
not believing in the Book of Mormon. (Acts 2:21 And it shall come to pass,
that whosoever shall call on the name of the Lord shall be saved.) A
person is sent to hell for not believing in Jesus, not the Book of Mormon.
(John 3:18 ¶ He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that
believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the
name of the only begotten Son of God.)

36. Some Mormon leaders deny hell exists. There is a division among Mormon
leaders as some say there is a hell and some say there is no hell. Cults
usually deny hell or minimize it as in the next false doctrine.

37. Punishment in hell is not everlasting. John Morgan a church elder said
that eternal or everlasting punishment did not really mean that. He said
it was only eternal since God is eternal, but in reality it could be for
one hour, one week, one year, or an age. Trust me those in hell will be
there much longer than one hour. [Nevertheless, it is not written that
there shall be no end to this torment ..." (Doctrine and Covenants 19:6)]
Scripture says hell is forever. (Revelation 14:11 And the smoke of their
torment ascendeth up for ever and ever: and they have no rest day nor
night, who worship the beast and his image, and whosoever receiveth the
mark of his name.) Mormonism teaches very few people go to hell and it is
more a place of punishment than the hell fire of scripture. Those that
believe usually call it outer darkness and just a place of punishment or a
spirit prison, not eternal fire as in scripture. All cults minimize or
eliminate hell.

38. People can get out of hell. Bruce McConkie in his Mormon Doctrine on
page 755 said people can repent in hell and get out and go to paradise.
Once a person is in hell, then can never escape from it. The rich man in
Luke found this out. He is still in hell today. (Luke 16:26 And beside all
this, between us and you there is a great gulf fixed: so that they which
would pass from hence to you cannot; neither can they pass to us, that
would come from thence.) 

39. Need to do good works to bring salvation for the dead. Mormons are
required to do good works to bring salvation for the dead and it is
considered of the utmost importance.We cannot do anything for the dead.
Once they are dead and in hell, we can do nothing for them. What choice a
person makes while alive about Jesus is what will determine where they
spend eternity, whether in heaven or hell. (Proverbs 11:7 When a wicked
man dieth, his expectation shall perish: and the hope of unjust men
perisheth.)

40. Mormons are born again when baptized and this is necessary for
salvation. Mormons believe being baptized is necessary for salvation and
that this is when they are born again. This is similar to Roman
Catholicism, another cult. Baptism will not save anyone and a person can
go to heaven if truly saved without being baptized such as the thief on
the cross. Baptism is only a representation of us dying, being buried with
Jesus, and rising again. Baptism is done in obedience to the commandment
of God and shows publicly that we profess to be Christians, but it will
not save anyone. A person is born again not at baptism, but at the moment
they receive Jesus as their Saviour. Scripture says the blood of Jesus
saves people and removes their sins, not baptism. (Matthew 26:28 For this
is my blood of the new testament, which is shed for many for the remission
of sins.)

41. When a Mormon sins their past sins return. Mormons believe that when
they sin all of their past sins return as well. [... that soul who sinneth
shall the former sins return, saith the Lord your God. (Doctrine and
Covenants 82:7)] God said he remembers are sins no more if we confess them
to him. (Psalm 103:12 As far as the east is from the west, so far hath he
removed our transgressions from us.) (Isaiah 43:25 I, even I, am he that
blotteth out thy transgressions for mine own sake, and will not remember
thy sins.) (Hebrews 10:17 And their sins and iniquities will I remember no
more.) 

42. Mormon children are to be baptized at 8 years old. Mormons are to
baptize their children at 8 years old in order to save them. They believe
this is the age of accountability. Scripture never says what the age of
accountability is. Jewish tradition said 12 years old. The age is
different for all children depending on their mental capacity. An 8 year
old is old enough to get saved, but they must willingly ask Jesus to save
them and then willingly be baptized. Some children are not ready at that
age. To just automatically baptize someone because they reach a certain
age is unscriptural. This is again done thinking the child will be saved.
He will not. Baptism will not save anyone. [And their children shall be
baptized for the remission of their sins when eight years old, and receive
the laying on of hands. (Doctrine and Covenants 68:27)] Scripture says a
person must believe with all their heart before they are to be baptized.
Mormons have it backwards. They baptize and then a person is saved whereas
scripture says we believe and get saved and then are baptized, not before
being saved. (Acts 8:36-37 And as they went on their way, they came unto a
certain water: and the eunuch said, See, here is water; what doth hinder
me to be baptized?
37And Philip said, If thou believest with all thine heart, thou mayest.
And he answered and said, I believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of God.)

43. Dead people can enter heaven if someone is baptized for them. Mormons
believe that a dead person can still enter the kingdom of God if a person
is baptized in their place. They try to justify this by I Corinthians
15:29. (I Corinthians 15:29 Else what shall they do which are baptized for
the dead, if the dead rise not at all? why are they then baptized for the
dead?) Mormons take this verse out of context as Paul was talking about
the resurrection and there were people who did not believe in it. Paul was
saying then why do you baptize the dead as there is no point if there is
no resurrection. Paul was not approving of this practice, but rather
condemning and mocking it and was just showing how ridiculous it was as
the people were baptizing the dead, but then they did not even believe in
a resurrection of the dead, so he was saying what is the point, not giving
approval of it. [... It is the baptism for the dead. For we without them
cannot be made perfect; neither can they without us be made perfect. ...
(Doctrine and Covenants 128:18)] See also Doctrine and Covenants
128:15-18. I already mentioned that once a person is dead we can do
nothing for them. Someone being baptized in their place will not help
anyone who is dead and in hell. Scripture says we will all answer for
ourselves for the choice we made while alive about Jesus. (Romans 14:12 So
then every one of us shall give account of himself to God.) The Book of
Mormon in Alma 34:35 agrees with scripture saying it is too late to be
saved after death and contradicts the Doctrine of Covenants. The Mormon
bible The New Testament A Translation For Latter-Day Saints in the
footnote for I Corinthians 15:29 says "This is the only mention of the
practice in the New Testament" and then directs to Doctrine and Covenants
128:16 which it says quotes the verse and to compare with Doctrine and
Covenants 127:6. The footnote tries to justify the practice when Paul was
condemning it.

44. Baptism makes a person a member of the church. Mormons believe they
become a member of the church once they are baptized just as Roman
Catholics do. They also believe this opens the gate to the celestial
kingdom and to sanctification. A person becomes a member of the true
church at the moment they are saved, not by baptism. Often the local
church such as the Baptist church will not allow a person to become a
member until they are saved and then baptized, but this is a manmade
thing. A person becomes a part of the true church and body of Christ at
the moment they are saved, not from baptism. Then they can choose to join
the local church or not, but church membership in a local church is a
manmade thing and is not required. If it was required to be a member of
the true church then why did Paul say he came not to baptize, but preach
the gospel? Paul would have put greater emphasis on baptism if it was
necessary. Church membership is never mentioned in scripture other than
when a person was saved they were added to the body of Christ made up of
all true believers, but there is no mention of joining a local church. I
am not saying a local church cannot have a membership, but it is manmade
and will save no one. (I Corinthians 1:17 For Christ sent me not to
baptize, but to preach the gospel: not with wisdom of words, lest the
cross of Christ should be made of none effect.)

45. Mormonism says Adam helped Jesus form the earth. Mormonism starting
with Joseph Smith said that Adam helped Jesus form the earth. Mormonism
does not believe Jesus or God created anything, only they formed what
already existed. Jesus created the universe including Adam, not just
formed it and Adam never helped. This is completely unscriptural and makes
Adam equal to Jesus who is God. (Colossians 1:16 For by him were all
things created, that are in heaven, and that are in earth, visible and
invisible, whether they be thrones, or dominions, or principalities, or
powers: all things were created by him, and for him:) (John 1:10 He was in
the world, and the world was made by him, and the world knew him not.)
These verses say Jesus created the world. They never say Adam helped him.
Jesus created Adam. Some Mormon leaders believe Noah, Enoch, and Joseph
Smith also helped form the earth. They also are never mentioned in
scripture helping. They themselves were created by God. Just like a cult
to have their leader as a helper with creation.

46. Mormonism teaches that Adam is the only begotten son of God, not
Jesus. [And in that day the Holy Ghost fell upon Adam, which beareth
record of the Father and the Son, saying: I am the Only Begotten of the
Father from the beginning, henceforth and forever, that as thou hast
fallen thou mayest be redeemed, and all mankind, even as many as will.
(Pearl of Great Price Moses 5:9)] (John 1:14 And the Word was made flesh,
and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only
begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth.) (John 3:16 ¶ For God so
loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever
believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.) Adam as a
direct creation by God is the son of God, but only Jesus is the only
begotten Son of God. There can only be one "only begotten Son of God" and
that is Jesus Christ, not Adam. (Luke 3:38 Which was the son of Enos,
which was the son of Seth, which was the son of Adam, which was the son of
God.)  

47. Mormonism teaches Adam had to sin in order for them to have children
and all people exist. God commanded Adam and Eve to have children and
populate the earth. (Genesis 1:28 And God blessed them, and God said unto
them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it:
and have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air,
and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth.) He never said
they had to sin first in order to do so. Mormonism says it is a good thing
that Adam did by eating of the tree of knowledge of good and evil.
Mormonism teaches this was not really sin by doing so. Mormonism says Adam
fell upward with the fall, not downwards. Sin always leads to death, not
brings us closer to God. This shows how Mormonism is not true Christianity
and is controlled by Satan rather than God. God never approves of sin or
commands a person to sin. (Proverbs 14:34 Righteousness exalteth a nation:
but sin is a reproach to any people.) (James 1:15 Then when lust hath
conceived, it bringeth forth sin: and sin, when it is finished, bringeth
forth death.) The Pearl of Great Price says Adam will have joy because he
sinned. Adam's sin brought sorrow and a curse on all of creation, not joy.
(Romans 8:22 For we know that the whole creation groaneth and travaileth
in pain together until now.) [... Blessed be the name of God, for because of
my transgression my eyes are opened, and in this life I shall have joy, ...
(Pearl of Great Price Moses 5:10)] [And Eve, his wife heard all these
things and was glad, saying: Were it not for our transgressions we never
should have had seed and never should have known good and evil ... (Pearl of
Great Price Moses 5:11)] The Pearl of Great Price in Moses 5:13 has Satan
appear after Adam and Eve sinned. Satan is the one who convinced them to
sin, not they sinned first. Scripture says Adam and Eve were ashamed after
they sinned and hid from God, not they were glad they had sinned so they
could have children. Eve could have had children before they sinned
without pain during childbirth.

48. God cannot create, only form. Mormonism teaches that God cannot create
from nothing as scripture says he did, but can only form things from what
already existed. Mormonism teaches that matter has always existed and was
not created by God. So how did it get here then? [And then the Lord said:
Let us go down. And they went down at the beginning, and they, that is the
Gods, organized and formed the heavens and the earth. (Pearl of Great
Price Abraham 4:1)] This verse says "Gods", again showing they believe in
three Gods of the Godhead, not one God as scripture says. Genesis 1:1
clearly shows God (one God, not three) created (not formed or organized)
the heaven and the earth. (Genesis 1:1 In the beginning God created the
heaven and the earth.) John 1:3 shows Jesus created all things including
Lucifer his supposed spirit brother. (John 1:3 All things were made by
him; and without him was not any thing made that was made.) The Joseph
Smith Translation shows this belief when Joseph changed Genesis 1:1 by
changing "created the heaven and the earth" to "formed the heaven, and the
earth".

49. Temple garments protect you from Satan. Mormonism teaches that the
special temple garments (so called Mormon underwear) must be worn all the
time to protect them from Satan, temptation, and evil. These garments are
said to represent the garment given to Adam by God. God clothed Adam and
Eve with animal skin, not special temple garments. We are to put our trust
in God, not some "special underwear". (Proverbs 29:25 The fear of man
bringeth a snare: but whoso putteth his trust in the LORD shall be safe.)

50. Those who are not polygamists are damned. Mormonism teaches that those
who are not polygamists (having more than one wife) are damned. Mormonism
refers to polygamy as plural marriage. In 1835 the church taught against
polygamy until Joseph wanted more wives. This was taught in the 1835
Doctrine and Covenants 101:4. God said the man was to have one wife and
the woman only one husband. God created Eve for Adam's wife, not Eve and
other women. This should show that polygamy is not approved by God. The
modern Doctrine and Covenants now says in 132:1 and 4 that Joseph received
a new revelation that a Mormon must be a polygamist or be damned. This
contradicts their own Book of Mormon in Mosiah 11:2 and Jacob 2:24 and
Jacob 2:27. Supposedly the "new revelation" overrode these verses. God
never changes so he would not say something is a sin in the old testament,
but now is necessary for salvation. (Malachi 3:6 For I am the LORD, I
change not; therefore ye sons of Jacob are not consumed.) (Hebrews 13:8
Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.) (I Corinthians
7:2 Nevertheless, to avoid fornication, let every man have his own wife,
and let every woman have her own husband.) This verse says wife, not wives
and husband not husbands. This shows how the church changes to fit new
"revelations". If the Mormon church is the true church then why do they
not obey I Timothy and the instructions for bishops (pastors) and deacons
and have only one wife? (I Timothy 3:2 A bishop then must be blameless,
the husband of one wife, vigilant, sober, of good behaviour, given to
hospitality, apt to teach;) (I Timothy 3:12 Let the deacons be the
husbands of one wife, ruling their children and their own houses well.)

51. Mormon men must be polygamists if they want to become a god. [The only
men who become Gods, even the Sons of God, are those who enter into
polygamy. (Journal of Discourse volume 11, page 269)] Scripture never says
we will become gods and never says we are to sin by being polygamists, so
it therefore never mentions that those who do not practice the sin of
polygamy will not be allowed to become gods.

52. Mormonism teaches that Mormon prophets speak for God and must be
obeyed for salvation. The Mormon presidents are all considered prophets
and are said to speak for God. The president of the Mormon church is the
head of the church and is similar to the pope in Roman Catholicism. If
they speak for God then why is so much a lie and false doctrines
contradicting scripture? God said those who do so are not true prophets of
his. (Deuteronomy 18:20-22 But the prophet, which shall presume to speak a
word in my name, which I have not commanded him to speak, or that shall
speak in the name of other gods, even that prophet shall die.
21 And if thou say in thine heart, How shall we know the word which the
LORD hath not spoken?
22 When a prophet speaketh in the name of the LORD, if the thing follow
not, nor come to pass, that is the thing which the LORD hath not
spoken, but the prophet hath spoken it presumptuously: thou shalt not be
afraid of him.) Brigham Young the second president of the church said that
all of his sermons were scripture. Others have too. Mormonism teaches that
all sermons or everything that a Mormon prophet speaks is scripture. That
is why the Journal of Discourses that is composed of sermons by church
leaders is used to get doctrinal beliefs. By claiming that all they say is
scripture, they are claiming infallibility which only God has. Scripture
never says we must obey a prophet for our salvation. We only need to trust
in Jesus as our Saviour, not a prophet.

Let us look at a few things said by the prophets that are considered
scripture since spoken by them. Brigham Young said that the archangel
Michael took one of his wives Eve and came to earth and became Adam who
then became God the Father. Scripture says God's holy angels do not marry.
Other church presidents denounced this. If they speak for God and what
they speak is scripture then how can another church prophet contradict
them if they speak from God? God does not change or lie. Brigham Young
said every earth (planet with life) needed its own redeemer. There is no
life on other planets and Jesus is the only redeemer and it is for man on
earth, not anyone else on another planet. Brigham Young said people live
on the moon and the sun. We know that is not true, so this shows he is a
false prophet and did not speak for God. Mormon leaders still defend this
today by saying how do we know for sure no one lives there as the
astronauts were only in a small area of the moon. Brigham Young said that
gold and silver grew like hair. We also know this is false, so another lie
from a supposed prophet of God. (Matthew 7:15 ¶ Beware of false prophets,
which come to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly they are ravening
wolves.)

53. Animals and plants were originally all spirits before being created on
earth as physical. Bruce McConkie in his Mormon doctrine said all
"animals, fowls, fishes, plants, and all forms of life" were originally
all spirits before the creation of the earth and then were made here on
earth. This sounds like reincarnation to me and animism which is the
belief that all animals and plants have a spirit. Another unscriptural
doctrine that shows that Mormonism is not true Christianity.

54. Man was in the beginning with God. Mormonism teaches man has always
existed and was in the beginning with God. [Man was also in the beginning
with God. Intelligence, or the light of truth, was not created or made,
neither indeed can be. (Doctrine and Covenants 93:29)] God existed from
the beginning, not man who was created by God. (Genesis 1:27 So God
created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him; male and
female created he them.)

55. Man was not born with sin. [... little children are whole, for they are
not capable of committing sin ... (Book of Mormon Moroni 8:8)] I guess
Mormons have never been around children. Children know how to lie and
steal. They do not need to be taught. Hang around a two year old with
another one and some toys. I guess Mormon children are perfect. If
children are supposedly not born with any sin then why are Mormon children
baptized at age 8 to supposedly remove that sin? David said he was born
with sin. (Psalm 51:5 Behold, I was shapen in iniquity; and in sin did my
mother conceive me.)

56. Earth was conceived by parent earths. Earth was created by God, not by
parent earths. (Genesis 1:1 In the beginning God created the heaven and
the earth.)

57. Mormons can know if a person is really the devil by shaking their
hand. Mormonism teaches that if the devil is masquerading as an angel of
light, if they shake his hand and they feel nothing, then they know it is
really the devil. [If it be the devil as an angel of light, when you ask
him to shake hands he will offer you his hand, and you will not feel
anything; you may therefore detect him. (Doctrine and Covenants 129:8)]
This is found nowhere in scripture. That is the whole point of Satan
masquerading as an angel of light so as to not be detected. Only the Holy
Ghost can reveal to a Christian that the person is really Satan, not
shaking hands with him.

58. Spirit beings in infants are compressed. Mormonism says that all
people are spirit children of God and the eternal mother and were in the
spiritual world prior to become people. [See Pearl of Great Price Abraham
3:22-23)] Mormonism teaches that spirits that become infant children must
be compressed so they can enter the body of the infant. Mormonism adds to
this lie by saying that spiritual bodies that enter infants lose their
wisdom due to this compression and they say Jesus lost his wisdom when he
became an infant. Jesus was and is God and still had all of his knowledge
as God while a man including while he was an infant. By saying the spirits
lose their knowledge when they enter a body also supports reincarnation.
Mormonism says if a baby dies, the spirit goes back into the spirit world
as an adult and is no longer compressed. Mormonism teaches that all people
were spirits with God before they became people. These beliefs are
completely unscriptural. Scripture also says only true born again
Christians are the spiritual children of God, not all people as the
unsaved are not. (John 1:12 But as many as received him, to them gave he
power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name:)

59. Trust feelings over facts. Mormons are taught to trust their feelings
even if fact such as scripture contradicts them. Mormons are said to have
a "burning in the bosom" that tells them if something is true even if
scripture contradicts it. The "burning of the bosom" supposedly is the
Holy Ghost telling the Mormon that Mormonism is real. The Holy Ghost
testifies of the truth of Jesus, not a denomination and certainty not a
cult. [But, behold, I say unto you, that you must study it out in your
mind; then you must ask me if it be right, and if it is right I will cause
that your bosom shall burn within you; therefore, you shall feel that it
is right.(Doctrine and Covenant 9:8)] We do not trust our feelings as they
are often wrong. The Holy Ghost will direct us if something is right or
not, as will scripture. (Jeremiah 17:9 ¶ The heart is deceitful above all
things, and desperately wicked: who can know it?) Many of our feelings
come from Satan, not God and definitely do if they contradict scripture or
facts. (John 15:26 But when the Comforter is come, whom I will send unto
you from the Father, even the Spirit of truth, which proceedeth from the
Father, he shall testify of me:)

60. Mormons must obey their leader whether they are right or wrong. Mormon
leaders just as all cult leaders must be obeyed at all times even if they
are wrong. Mormon leaders have said"... learn to do as you are told ... if you
are told by your leader to do a thing, do it. None of your business
whether it is right or wrong."  We are to obey God not man if man
contradicts God and his word. God never wants us to sin even to obey a
"church leader". As a pastor I do not want anyone to listen to me if I
were to tell them to sin and do something contradictory to God's word.
(Jeremiah 17:5 ¶ Thus saith the LORD; Cursed be the man that trusteth in
man, and maketh flesh his arm, and whose heart departeth from the LORD.)
(I John 4:1 Beloved, believe not every spirit, but try the spirits whether
they are of God: because many false prophets are gone out into the world.)
The book of Abraham, which Joseph Smith said he wrote, which is within the
Pearl of Great Price has been proven to be an ancient Egyptian funeral
ceremony showing him to be a fraud and liar. Mormon leaders have still
said it was from Joseph despite the evidence. Cult leaders will always
defend their cult.

61. Black people are cursed and that is why they have dark skin. Mormonism
teaches that the mark placed on Cain was the dark skin of black people and
a "flat nose". Mormonism says Cain was once an associate of Lucifer. The
Book of Mormon describes black people as loathsome which means disgusting
or repulsive. [And thus saith the Lord God: I will cause that they shall
be loathsome unto thy people ... (Book of Mormon II Nephi 5:22)] [And the
skins of the Lamanites were dark, according to the mark which was set upon
their fathers, which was a curse upon them because of their transgression
and their rebellion ... (Book of Mormon Alma 3:6)] Scripture never says any
of this. Most likely black skin came about after the Genesis flood not
from Cain. Mormon leaders claim that black people are inferior. Mormonism
teaches that those who were less valiant in the "pre-existent" are born as
black people as a curse. Mormon church presidents and supposed prophets
have said that blacks are not entitled to the full gospel. Blacks were
never allowed in the Mormon priesthood until 1978 and only after threats
of lawsuits. Church leaders claimed God would not allow them to let blacks
in and he was the true hater of blacks. Just like a cult to blame God. I
really am not sure why a black would want to be a Mormon with their hatred
for blacks. God said he is no respecter of persons. (Acts 10:34 ¶ Then
Peter opened his mouth, and said, Of a truth I perceive that God is no
respecter of persons:) God looks at the heart of a person, not the color
of their skin. Any Baptist who says that a black person is not allowed to
hear the gospel or a black person who is saved is not allowed to be a
church member needs to wipe the name Baptist off their forehead. Blacks
have as much right to hear the gospel as anyone else and if saved to be a
member of a Baptist church.

62. A white person who marries a black will be cursed. Mormonism taught
that if a white person married a black person they would be cursed.
Mormons were not allowed to marry a black person. Many Mormon leaders said
that if a white person had sex with a black person they should be killed.
[And cursed shall be the seed of him that mixeth with their seed; for they
shall be cursed even with the same cursing. And the Lord spake it, and it
was done. (Book of Mormon II Nephi 5:23)] God never said that a black and
white could not marry. God only said that a believer could not marry an
unbeliever. (II Corinthians 6:14 Be ye not unequally yoked together with
unbelievers: for what fellowship hath righteousness with unrighteousness?
and what communion hath light with darkness?)

63. Mormons are to lie to cover up their false doctrines and protect the
church. Mormons are told to lie to people who are offended by their false
doctrines in order to protect the church. They will deny them and only
reveal them after a person becomes a Mormon and then say they had to keep
the doctrines from them since they were not ready for them. God calls this
lying and sin and says all liars will go to the lake of fire unless they
repent. Lying is one of the ten commandments. God takes lying seriously,
apparently Mormon leaders do not. Gordon Hinckley a president of the
church lied in 1997 to a newspaper and Time magazine about the church's
belief that God was originally a man. A true church should never have to
lie about their doctrines or try and hide them. Baptist churches do not do
this. I will tell anyone what Baptists believe who is interested because
what we believe comes from scripture not some manmade beliefs. Cults will
always lie to outsiders and even their own people. Precious Mormons please
believe and obey God's word, not your leaders. (Exodus 20:16 Thou shalt
not bear false witness against thy neighbour.) Bear false witness is
lying. (Ephesians 4:25 Wherefore putting away lying, speak every man truth
with his neighbour: for we are members one of another.) (Revelation 21:8
But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and
whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have
their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the
second death.)  

64. Marriage is for eternity. Mormonism teaches that those who are married
in the temple are married for all eternity. I wonder how many have
divorced that they cover up. This is known as temple marriage or celestial
marriage. People are only married as long as they are alive here on earth.
People are not married in heaven and Jesus told the Sadducees this.
(Matthew 22:30 For in the resurrection they neither marry, nor are given
in marriage, but are as the angels of God in heaven.) Those not married in
the temple are not bound  to stay married after death and they become
angels. People never become angels. They are separate created beings from
man. [Therefore, when they are out of the world they neither marry nor are
given in marriage; but are appointed angels in heaven ... (Doctrine and
Covenants 132:16)]

65. Mormonism hates true Christianity. Mormonism teaches that only they
are the one true church and all other Christian denominations are of
Satan. They have it backwards. They are of Satan. [And he said unto me:
Behold there are save two churches only; the one is the church of the Lamb
of God, and the other is the church of the devil; wherefore, whoso
belongeth not to the church of the Lamb of God belongeth to that great
church, which is the mother of abominations; and she is the whore of all
the earth. (The Book of Mormon I Nephi 14:10)] Brigham young said the so
called Christian world was heathens. They are the heathens.

66. It is unsafe to travel on water. Mormonism teaches that it is unsafe
to travel on water because God has cursed the waters. [14 Behold, I, the
Lord, in the beginning blessed the waters; but in the last days, by the
mouth of my servant John, I cursed the waters. 15 Wherefore, the days will
come that no flesh shall be safe upon the waters. (Doctrine and Covenants
61:14-15)]

67. Killing cannot be forgiven. Mormonism teaches that the sin of killing
cannot be forgiven now or the world to come. Moses killed a man and was
forgiven. David conspired the murder of Uriah and was forgiven and Paul
consented to the murder of Stephen and was forgiven. Jesus said he would
forgive all sin except the blasphemy of the Holy Ghost, the rejection of
himself as one's Saviour. [And now, behold, I speak unto the church. Thou
shalt not kill; and he that kills shall not have forgiveness in this
world, nor in the world to come. (Doctrine and Covenants 42:18)] (I John
1:7 But if we walk in the light, as he is in the light, we have fellowship
one with another, and the blood of Jesus Christ his Son cleanseth us from
all sin.) I John 1:7 says the blood of Jesus cleanseth us from all sin and
that includes killing someone.

68. A person cannot repent on the cross or in prison or on their deathbed.
Mormon leaders have taught that a person cannot repent if they are in
prison or on a cross or on their deathbed, yet they forget the thief on
the cross next to Jesus who repented and the many people who have repented
of their sins and come to Jesus while in prison. (Luke 23:43 And Jesus
said unto him, Verily I say unto thee, To day shalt thou be with me in
paradise.)

69. American Indians who become Mormons will become white. The original
1830 Book of Mormon promised American Indians who became Mormons that
their skin would become white. This never happened and was dropped
starting with the 1981 edition with the change of white to pure. This
proves Mormonism is false as prophecies that do not come true are not of
God. Many Mormon prophecies have never come true especially by the founder
Joseph Smith who was a fraud. [... many generations shall not pass away
among them, save they shall be a white and a delightsome people. (Book of
Mormon II Nephi 30:6 1830 edition)]

70. Mormonism claimed that the Smithsonian Institute and National
Geographic used the Book of Mormon for archeological studies. The
Smithsonian Institute and National Geographic have debunked this lie. The
Book of Mormon talks of a big battle in New York state. The Mormon church
will not let any archeological work be done there. The little bit that has
been has never uncovered any evidence of a battle. If this big battle took
place here there should be some evidence found, but none is and why would
the church not want to prove the Book of Mormon correct? They know it is a
lie and that is why they prevent digging. All cults try to cover their
tracks and keep things secret.

71. Some sins are so bad a Mormon must shed some of his own blood for
atonement. Some Mormon leaders have taught that some sins that a person
does are so bad that they are beyond the atoning blood of Jesus and that
the Mormon must shed some of his own blood. This is completely
unscriptural and denies the power of the blood of Jesus. (I John 1:7 But
if we walk in the light, as he is in the light, we have fellowship one
with another, and the blood of Jesus Christ his Son cleanseth us from all
sin.) Heathens used to cut themselves which God hated. (Leviticus 19:28 Ye
shall not make any cuttings in your flesh for the dead, nor print any
marks upon you: I am the LORD.)

72. Angel Gabriel became Noah before the Genesis flood. Mormonism teaches
that the angel Gabriel became Noah prior to the Genesis flood in order to
build the ark.

73. Mormonism says there are three kingdoms: celestial, terrestrial, and
telestial. Mormonism says that a person will be for all eternity in one of
these three heavens or they call kingdoms with only a few people going to
outer darkness, their version of hell. Hell is basically darkness to them.
A Mormon is sent to a kingdom based on their earthly life and actions.
Those that go to the highest level of the celestial kingdom have received
the testimony of Jesus, been baptized, received the Holy Ghost, obeyed the
commandments and cleansed from all sins. This means basically a good
Mormon following church teachings and works. A Mormon must have completely
obeyed the whole law or the ten commandments. Obviously this is not
possible or they would already be God. This is why Jesus came to die for
us. The Mormon that goes to the second level or the terrestrial kingdom
rejected the testimony of Jesus while alive, but received it after being
dead. Scripture says a person cannot be saved after death. Those that go
to the lowest heaven or telestial kingdom are those who have rejected the
gospel, been liars, murderers, thieves, and others who have openly ignored
the commandments. We see how even those who have rejected the gospel are
still allowed in one of the Mormon kingdoms or heavens. Who then goes to
hell? No one as they go to outer darkness and they are few at that. This
again shows how Mormonism is not true Christianity and a cult as scripture
says those who reject the gospel will spend eternity in the lake of fire.

74. Mormons have four secret handshakes. Mormons have four secret
handshakes that must be known in order for a Mormon to get into the
celestial kingdom. The secret handshakes come from Freemasonry and allow a
person to identify another Mormon and Freemason. The Masonic clasped hands
symbol on the temple represents this. God said we are not to have secret
rituals. (Ecclesiastes 12:14 For God shall bring every work into judgment,
with every secret thing, whether it be good, or whether it be evil.)
(Ephesians 5:12 For it is a shame even to speak of those things which are
done of them in secret.)

75. There is an eternal Father and eternal Mother in heaven. Mormonism
says Eternal Father God is married to an eternal Mother goddess that is in
heaven with him. This supports the female goddesses over the years
worshipped by the heathens. Scripture only mentions the heathen female
goddesses, no eternal Mother.   

76. God and Jesus have bodies of flesh and bone, but not the Holy Ghost.
Mormonism says God the Father has a body of flesh and bones and that Jesus
always had. Jesus only got flesh and bones when he became a man. Mormonism
believes God the Father in his fleshly body physically mated with Mary to
produce Jesus. What blasphemy and heresy. Mormonism is full of heretical
and blasphemous beliefs. [The Father has a body of flesh and bones as
tangible as man's; the Son also; but the Holy Ghost has not a body of
flesh and bones, but is a personage of Spirit. Were it not so, the Holy
Ghost could not dwell in us. (Doctrine and Covenants 130:22)] I guess they
do not believe Jesus dwells in us. (John 4:24 God is a Spirit: and they
that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth.) (Galatians 2:20
I am crucified with Christ: nevertheless I live; yet not I, but Christ
liveth in me: and the life which I now live in the flesh I live by the
faith of the Son of God, who loved me, and gave himself for me.)

77. Ten tribes of Israel will be restored in America. [We believe in the
literal gathering of Israel and in the restoration of the Ten Tribes; that
Zion (the New Jerusalem) will be built upon the American continent; ...
(Article of Faith 10)]

78. God did not have the power to create the spirit of man. Joseph Smith
taught that God was not powerful enough to create the spirit of man. I
have already shown how Mormons do not believe God created anything. These
beliefs deny the omnipotence of God as all powerful. (Genesis 2:7 And the
LORD God formed man of the dust of the ground, and breathed into his
nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living soul.)  

79. Cain will one day rule over Satan. Bruce McConkie's Mormon Doctrine
says "As a result of his mortal birth he is assured of a tangible body of
flesh and bone in eternity, a fact which will enable him to rule over
Satan." Cain himself will be in hell and rule over no one. God will rule
over Satan and cast him for all eternity into the lake of fire where he
will be tormented forever.

80. The Aaronic priesthood is continued by Mormons. Mormonism believes
their priesthood is a continuation of the Aaronic priesthood. It is not
and the priesthood was ended by God for Christians with the death and
resurrection of Jesus Christ. The leaders are also supposedly a
continuation of the Melchizedek priesthood.

81. Mormons must learn how to become gods. Mormonism teaches that Mormons
must learn how to become a god. Some god if you have to learn how to be
one. Mormonism makes God so small. (Isaiah 44:6 Thus saith the LORD the
King of Israel, and his redeemer the LORD of hosts; I am the first, and I
am the last; and beside me there is no God.) Isaiah 44:6 clearly shows God
is the first and only God.  

82. God is an exalted man. Mormonism teaches that God is an exalted,
immortal, resurrected man. Many church presidents have said this or
something similar. Mormonism so lowers the Godhead to just like any person
that the Mormon God is not worthy to be worshipped. Why would you want a
God that is just a man who has been exalted? My God is much greater and
worthy to be praised. Scripture says God is not a man. (Numbers 23:19 God
is not a man, that he should lie; neither the son of man, that he should
repent: hath he said, and shall he not do it? or hath he spoken, and shall
he not make it good?) (Hosea 11:9 I will not execute the fierceness of
mine anger, I will not return to destroy Ephraim: for I am God, and not
man; the Holy One in the midst of thee: and I will not enter into the
city.) (I Samuel 15:29 And also the Strength of Israel will not lie nor
repent: for he is not a man, that he should repent.)

83. Angels are resurrected beings and have flesh and bones. Mormonism
teaches that angels are resurrected beings and have flesh and bones.
[There are two kinds of beings in heaven, namely: Angels, who are
resurrected personages, having bodies of flesh and bones_ (Doctrine and
Covenants 129:1)] Scripture says angels are spirits and were created by
God, not resurrected personages. (Hebrews 1:14 Are they not all
ministering spirits, sent forth to minister for them who shall be heirs of
salvation?) (Nehemiah 9:6 Thou, even thou, art LORD alone; thou hast made
heaven, the heaven of heavens, with all their host, the earth, and all
things that are therein, the seas, and all that is therein, and thou
preservest them all; and the host of heaven worshippeth thee.)

There are many more false Mormon doctrines than I have shown.

84. Signs of a cult.

There are many signs of a cult that are recognized by all cult
authorities. Here are some of them and we will see how Mormonism fits the
definition of a cult. Not all signs are shown. Not every cult will fit
every sign mentioned below. I have already clearly shown how Mormonism is
false Christianity with all of its false doctrines that contradict
scripture and now Mormonism fits the description of a cult.

1. The leader is the ultimate authority and above the law and is
infallible. This has been shown in the Mormon church president.

2. The group suppresses criticism and one is only to read approved
sources. The Mormonism has always tried to silence her opponents and
critics and has often forbad or at least heavily discouraged Mormons from
reading the truth not only in scripture, but in other books and sources.
Mormons are very defensive to anyone who criticizes them and will try to
silence them. Baptists and true Christians do not do this. Most Mormons
never read the King James Bible as they are taught it is corrupt, but not
told what parts so they avoid all of it.

3. Cults try to never let a member leave. The Mormon Church has a long
history of doing this to her people. Family members often disown and
attack those who leave especially those who become true Christians.

4. Cults claim to be the one true church and salvation is only by them.
Mormonism says this.

5. Only the leaders of the cult can understand their literature.

6. Cults add to scripture and often have their own books. I have shown how
Mormonism adds The Book of Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants and Pearl of
Great Price as well as other works from church leaders such as Journal of
Discourses and its many volumes of supposed sermons that are scripture,
Mormon Doctrine by Bruce McConkie and other words supposedly spoken by its
leaders. Joseph Smith also made his own bible translation.

7. Cults subtract from scripture. Mormonism does this by saying the King
James Bible has been corrupted.

8. Cults use intimidation and fear for obedience. Mormonism does this by
saying a Mormon will not get into the celestial kingdom without obeying
leaders and tithing.

9. Cults are often involved in illegal activities. Mormons have arrested
Christians in Utah for exposing the falsehoods of Mormonism even when the
true Christians were not breaking the law.

10. Cults always distort the gospel and add works for salvation. I have
already shown this to be true of Mormonism.

11. Cults use means to deceive and control their followers. New converts
are not told of many of Mormonism's false doctrines until they have been
sucked into the church by deception.

12. Cults are often legalistic on how their members must live. Mormons
must wear their temple garments all the time and obey other commands of
the leaders.

13. Cults use Christian terms with different meanings than used in
scripture or in standard Christianity. Mormonism uses many terms with
different meanings such as being born again or the meaning of baptism.
Mormonism believes a person is born again after baptism, whereas scripture
says when a person receives Jesus as their Saviour.     

14. Normally have other literature, books, et cetera that are considered
equal or above scripture. I have already mentioned how Mormonism believes
the Book of Mormon is scripture and superior to the Holy Bible and how
sermons of presidents are scripture.

15. Jesus is replaced by someone-something else or at least very
minimized. The Mormon Jesus is a separate God from the rest of the
Godhead, was originally a man, and is considered below Joseph Smith and is
just a spiritual brother. He is not the Creator to Mormons and cannot
cleanse from all sins or forgive us of our sins. The Mormon Jesus is not
the Jesus of scripture or even close and they admit it.

For those who have family members, friends, coworkers, or others that
we know in Mormonism, we need to let them know the truth and get them out
before it is eternally too late. God loves precious Mormon souls as much
as anyone else and wishes that all of them would call upon him for
salvation, but they must get out of Mormonism.

For any precious Mormon souls that may be listening to these sermons
on Mormonism, I pray that you get out of Mormonism and turn to the real
Jesus of scripture by repenting of your sins and admitting you are a
sinner and calling upon Jesus to save you. Satan who is the god of this
world has blinded you. (II Corinthians 4:4 In whom the god of this world
hath blinded the minds of them which believe not, lest the light of the
glorious gospel of Christ, who is the image of God, should shine unto
them.) Let the real Jesus of scripture open your eyes. Mormonism will only
lead you to an eternity in the lake of fire. You must have the Jesus of
scripture as your Saviour, not the Mormon Jesus who is really Satan. Jesus
loves all souls including Mormons and wishes that none should perish.
Today is the day of salvation, Call upon Jesus today before it is
eternally too late. (II Peter 3:9 The Lord is not slack concerning his
promise, as some men count slackness; but is longsuffering to us-ward, not
willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance.)
[II Corinthians 6:2 (For he saith, I have heard thee in a time accepted,
and in the day of salvation have I succoured thee: behold, now is the
accepted time; behold, now is the day of salvation.)] (Galatians 4:16 Am I
therefore become your enemy, because I tell you the truth?) See What must
I do to be saved (be born again), have eternal life and go to heaven?

Search for: _____________________  [ Search ]

Recent Comments

Archives

Categories

• No categories

Meta

• Log in
• Entries feed
• Comments feed
• WordPress.org

Created my free logo at LogoMakr.com

Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Copyright (c) 2024 Jesus is God and Lord Ministries | Credits
Powered by Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

