Link: profile
Link: dns-prefetch
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Feed (alternate)
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Comments Feed (alternate)
Link: preconnect
Link: preconnect
Link: https://api.w.org/
Link: alternate
Link: RSD (EditURI)
Link: canonical
Link: shortlink
Link: alternate
Link: alternate
Skip to content
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Ye Must Be Born Again

Main Menu

• HOME
• STORE
• ABOUT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD MINISTRIES
• BELIEFS
• CONTACT
• KING JAMES BIBLE TO READ AND LISTEN TO
• KING JAMES BIBLE WORDS AND PHRASES DEFINED
• WHY WE MUST BE BORN AGAIN
• WHAT MUST I DO TO BE SAVED (BE BORN AGAIN), HAVE ETERNAL LIFE AND GO
TO HEAVEN?
• NOW THAT I AM A BORN AGAIN CHRISTIAN, HOW DO I GROW (MATURE)?
• PROOF THAT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD
• SERMONS AND SCRIPTURE LESSONSMenu Toggle

• 3:16 Verses
• Abraham the obedient father and type of God the Father
• According to the word of the LORD
• Alleged Contradictions in Scripture
• Angels and spiritual beings
• Animals Teaching Man  
• Be like Jesus
• Be Thankful
• Bread in Scripture
• Christian Martyrs for Jesus
• Colors in Scripture
• Curse Israel and you will be cursed
• Dangers of Calvinism
• Deadliest battles in scripture
• Deserts in scripture and in our lives
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism
• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freedom and Liberty come from God
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise
• From the resurrection to the ascension
• Genealogies of Jesus
• Gifts of the Holy Ghost
• God is Light
• God is Love
• God the Holy Ghost
• Halloween and the connection to Satan
• Honour Thy Mother
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus is the door that all must enter for everlasting life
• Jesus is the Light of the World and Christians Should Reflect
that Light
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jesus versus Mohammad
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Jonah
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Jude
• Malachi   
• Martyrs in the Lord's Army
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Nahum
• Nehemiah 3 and the ten gates of the Jerusalem wall
• Obadiah
• Our Nation Was Founded Upon God
• Philemon
• Prayer
• Pre-incarnate Appearances of Jesus (Theophanies)
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Proof that Jesus is God
• Prophecies Fulfilled by Jesus at his First Coming
• Prophecies of the Second Coming of Jesus
• Psalm 23
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines
• Santa is Satan and his little elves are devils
• Serve in the Lord's Army
• Seven Vial Judgments of Revelation
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  
• Star of Bethlehem
• Thankful people in scripture  
• The Battle of Gog and Magog
• The Books of God
• The Crucifixion of Jesus
• The Egyptian gods and goddesses of the ten plagues and their
judgment and defeat by the God of gods
• The Exodus   
• The Good Samaritan
• The Gospel in Stone
• The Gospel in the Stars
• The Greatest Father Anyone Can Have And Everyone Needs
• The Handwriting of God
• The Illegal Trial of Jesus
• The King James Bible Built-in Dictionary
• The Miracles at the Crucifixion of Jesus
• The New Year's resolutions that need to be kept
• The Number Seven in Scripture
• The Number Three in Scripture  
• The Riotous Son
• The True Creationism of the Scriptures versus False Theories
• The Unscriptural Flat Earth Theory
• The Unscriptural Lucifer Flood  
• The Widow Woman and the Oil  
• The Word Became Flesh
• Types of the Holy Ghost in scripture
• Was Jesus born on Christmas?
• Was Jesus Crucified on Friday?
• Water in Scripture
• Weather in scripture
• Who are the sons of God of Genesis 6?
• Work is from God
• Worshipping God in psalms, hymns, and spiritual songs
• Zephaniah

• VIDEOS
• HYMNS
• FOR PRECIOUS JEWISH SOULSMenu Toggle

• Meet the Jewish Messiah
• False Religion of Judaism
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  

• FOR PRECIOUS ROMAN CATHOLIC SOULSMenu Toggle

• False Doctrines of Roman Catholicism
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• CULTSMenu Toggle

• Roman CatholicismMenu Toggle

• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism

• FALSE RELIGIONSMenu Toggle

• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise

• RECOMMENDED BOOKS FOR READING
• LINKS
• CHECKOUT
• New items are available in the store for purchase.

0

The Books of God

Most people do not realize that God has his own library full of books
and that he is an author of many books. As an author God brings order
whereas Satan is the author of confusion. (I Corinthians 14:33 For God is
not the author of confusion, but of peace, as in all churches of the
saints.) God also told others to write books such as Adam. God apparently
had Adam write this book of his genealogy and other historical facts about
creation that Moses used to write Genesis 1-11. (Genesis 5:1 This is the
book of the generations of Adam. In the day that God created man, in the
likeness of God made he him;) God also had Moses write a book that
contained the events in his victory over Amelek as God gave the Israelites
victory. This book contains the story of how Aaron and Hur held up the
hands of Moses giving victory to Joshua. (Exodus 17:11-14 11 And it came
to pass, when Moses held up his hand, that Israel prevailed: and when he
let down his hand, Amalek prevailed.
12 But Moses' hands were heavy; and they took a stone, and put it under
him, and he sat thereon; and Aaron and Hur stayed up his hands, the one on
the one side, and the other on the other side; and his hands were steady
until the going down of the sun.
13 And Joshua discomfited Amalek and his people with the edge of the
sword.
14 And the LORD said unto Moses, Write this for a memorial in a book, and
rehearse it in the ears of Joshua: for I will utterly put out the
remembrance of Amalek from under heaven.) God did not want the Israelites
to forget this victory that God gave them over the Amalekites which were
giants. God also told the Israelite priests to write curses dealing with
the law of jealousies in a book. (Numbers 5:23 And the priest shall write
these curses in a book, and he shall blot them out with the bitter water:)
God had many prophets write books that are not in scripture. (I Chronicles
29:29 Now the acts of David the king, first and last, behold, they are
written in the book of Samuel the seer, and in the book of Nathan the
prophet, and in the book of Gad the seer,) God also used over forty men to
write 66 individual books which became one book. God calls this book the
book of the LORD in Isaiah 34:16. (Isaiah 34:16 ¶ Seek ye out of the book
of the LORD, and read: no one of these shall fail, none shall want her
mate: for my mouth it hath commanded, and his spirit it hath gathered
them.) This book of course is the holy scriptures which contain the words
of God which God says to read. It is these books that God reveals to us
his Son Jesus Christ so that we might be saved. Remember that God is the
author of scripture, specifically the Holy Ghost, but he used holy men to
write it down for us. (II Timothy 3:16-17 16 All scripture is given by
inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for
correction, for instruction in righteousness:
17 That the man of God may be perfect, throughly furnished unto all good
works.) (II Peter 1:21 For the prophecy came not in old time by the will
of man: but holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost.)
Scripture was written for one purpose and that is to show that all of us
are sinners and to point us to the only one who can redeem us from that
sin. That person is the Lord Jesus Christ who is found in this book on
every page. (Psalm 40:7 Then said I, Lo, I come: in the volume of the book
it is written of me,) (Hebrews 10:7 Then said I, Lo, I come (in the volume
of the book it is written of me,) to do thy will, O God.) Jesus of course
wrote the ten commandments or the law which God also has a copy in heaven.
(Deuteronomy 10:4 And he wrote on the tables, according to the first
writing, the ten commandments, which the LORD spake unto you in the mount
out of the midst of the fire in the day of the assembly: and the LORD gave
them unto me.) In this study we are going to look at some of God's many
books.

God has a book of the wars of the LORD which contains the wars God
fought against Satan. God has fought many wars. One of those wars was
God's war against Egypt in refusing to let his chosen people, the
Israelites, go. This book speaks of the miracle that God did at the Red
sea in allowing the people to cross the sea on dry ground and killed all
of the Egyptians. This book also tells of what God did for the Israelites
in the brooks of Arnon and at the stream of the brooks that goeth down to
the dwelling of Ar, and lieth upon the border of Moab. (Numbers 21:14-15
14 Wherefore it is said in the book of the wars of the LORD, What he did
in the Red sea, and in the brooks of Arnon,
15 And at the stream of the brooks that goeth down to the dwelling of Ar,
and lieth upon the border of Moab.) The brooks of Arnon seems to be
speaking of Israel's victory over the Ammonites with God's help. If it
refers to an earlier event then it does not seem to be recorded in
scripture. This event and the next actually seem future to the time it was
written in the book, but to God the future has already happened so he can
write the victory in his book. The brooks that goeth down to the dwelling
of Ar seems to speak of the fire that consumed Ar. (Numbers 21:28 For
there is a fire gone out of Heshbon, a flame from the city of Sihon: it
hath consumed Ar of Moab, and the lords of the high places of Arnon.) All
of Israel's battles are written in this book of the wars of the LORD. This
would include all of the modern wars that Israel has fought as well as her
battles in the coming tribulation against the antichrist. More than likely
it may include all wars and certainly the spiritual wars that saved people
fight against Satan. There are many wars in this book.

God gave the book of the law which is the laws he gave to Moses and
this was to be kept in the side of the ark of the covenant. (Deuteronomy
31:26 Take this book of the law, and put it in the side of the ark of the
covenant of the LORD your God, that it may be there for a witness against
thee.) The book of the law was read by Joshua to the people. (Joshua 8:34
And afterward he read all the words of the law, the blessings and
cursings, according to all that is written in the book of the law.) The
book of the law seems to also be called the book of the covenant. Some
people say it is a different book, but II Chronicles 34:14-33 seems to
show they are the same book. (II Chronicles 34:30 And the king went up
into the house of the LORD, and all the men of Judah, and the inhabitants
of Jerusalem, and the priests, and the Levites, and all the people, great
and small: and he read in their ears all the words of
the book of the covenant that was found in the house of the LORD.) I
believe this may be because the Mosaic laws were only for the Jews and
were never for the Gentiles or Christians and God made a covenant with
Israel his chosen people, not the Gentiles and the two names shows the
connection of the laws being for his covenanted people the Jews. One other
name for it is the book of Moses since God used Moses to write the book,
though it was the words of God. (Nehemiah 13:1 On that day they read in
the book of Moses in the audience of the people; and therein was found
written, that the Ammonite and the Moabite should not come into the
congregation of God for ever;)

God has a book of tears. (Psalm 56:8 Thou tellest my wanderings: put
thou my tears into thy bottle: are they not in thy book?) God keeps a
bottle and a book that contains our tears. The book may contain the
bottles of tears for each of us or give a description of the events that
caused the tears. Of course those tears we have shed over our sins in
repentance will be there, but it seems also all of our tears, but at least
those we have shed over the unsaved and for our brothers and sisters in
Christ who are being persecuted and suffered for Jesus Christ. God
remembers our sorrows and sufferings when he sees our tears in his book.
The book also contains those tears shed for fellow believers and their
physical and spiritual health issues. One day this book will be complete
as their will be no more tears so there will be none for God to put in the
book. (Revelation 21:4 And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes;
and there shall be no more death, neither sorrow, nor crying, neither
shall there be any more pain: for the former things are passed away.) This
of course will happen when God creates the new heavens and the new earth.

God has a book of all of our members. (Psalm 139:16 Thine eyes did
see my substance, yet being unperfect; and in thy book all my members were
written, which in continuance were fashioned, when as yet there was none
of them.) This book was written even before we were born. This book
contains all of the members of our bodies which means the book contains
all of our DNA code written down. DNA is in not only people, but also
animals, and plants, and angels. All living things whether in the physical
world or the spiritual world contain DNA. Plants are not scripturally
considered living, but they do still have DNA as they eat, grow, and
reproduce just like living things. For those Christians who have had their
bodies destroyed by whatever means such as by fire, nuclear blast, eaten
by animals, sucked into an airplane's jet engine, or whatever the means,
there is no worry that your body will not be resurrected as God still has
the written instructions to your DNA to reproduce you again. This book
seems to contain all DNA instructions for everyone, but it is possible
that each person has their own book, though I think it is one large book
that contains all DNA from the beginning of creation until the end. Think
about how God had already written the instructions for your DNA down in
his book before you were even created. This shows the power of God and his
awesomeness. DNA is the blueprint for everything and shows that God is all
powerful and is real as DNA could never have evolved. The DNA written in
this book is what is encoded in the mother's womb to form a baby. This
book contains the parts of every person who has ever been conceived
showing that it is a living person in the womb despite what abortionists
believe. That dismembered aborted baby has all of its members written here
in God's book and God will put them all back together again at the
resurrection.

God has a book of remembrance for all of those who fear the LORD and
think upon his name. (Malachi 3:16 ¶ Then they that feared the LORD spake
often one to another: and the LORD hearkened, and heard it, and a book of
remembrance was written before him for them that feared the LORD, and that
thought upon his name.) It seems that this book is not just for the Jewish
people who thought that God did not notice or care what they were doing
for them, but is for all people who fear God and think upon his name and
this would include Christians as well. Jesus seemed to confirm this in his
teachings. People do not need to fear that God does not notice what they
do for him since he has it written down in a book as a reminder. Remember
that God as omniscient does not need books to remember who has feared him,
or when a person cried over their sins, or a book to rebuild a person's
DNA, but he has them as proof against us who do not remember and as a way
to comfort us that God does remember and has everything written down. Just
as earthly kings wrote things down in their chronicles in relation to a
person doing good for the king, so does God. Earthly kings did not always
reward a person at that time such as Mordecai, but with it written down
then they would in the future get their reward. That is how God does. It
may seem that you are forgotten by God now, but the day will come when he
will pull out the book of remembrance and reward you for what is written
in it. We all need to learn to fear the LORD and think upon his name so
that we too may be written in the book of remembrance. The fear of the
LORD is the beginning of wisdom and prolongeth life. (Proverbs 9:10
The fear of the LORD is the beginning of wisdom: and the knowledge of the
holy is understanding.) (Proverbs 10:27 The fear of the LORD prolongeth
days: but the years of the wicked shall be shortened.)   

God has an unnamed book in Revelation that I call the book of
judgments as this book which is sealed right now with seven seals contains
the twenty one judgments that God will bring upon the earth during the
seven year tribulation. These are the seven seal judgments, the seven
trumpet judgments, and the seven vial judgments. Only Jesus is worthy
enough to open this book. This is a book that God keeps sealed because he
wishes it was never opened and read as it brings wrath upon the earth
which God wishes he never had to do as he wishes for all to be saved and
if they were then he could leave this book sealed. This book is related to
the Lamb's book of life in that the judgments in this book are because the
people's names on earth are not found in that book so God as a righteous
judge must open this book. (Revelation 5:1-9 1 And I saw in the right hand
of him that sat on the throne a book written within and on the backside,
sealed with seven seals.
2 And I saw a strong angel proclaiming with a loud voice, Who is worthy to
open the book, and to loose the seals thereof?
3 And no man in heaven, nor in earth, neither under the earth, was able to
open the book, neither to look thereon.
4 And I wept much, because no man was found worthy to open and to read
the book, neither to look thereon.
5 And one of the elders saith unto me, Weep not: behold, the Lion of the
tribe of Juda, the Root of David, hath prevailed to open the book, and to
loose the seven seals thereof.
6 And I beheld, and, lo, in the midst of the throne and of the four
beasts, and in the midst of the elders, stood a Lamb as it had been slain,
having seven horns and seven eyes, which are the seven Spirits of God sent
forth into all the earth.
7 And he came and took the book out of the right hand of him that sat upon
the throne.
8 And when he had taken the book, the four beasts and four and twenty
elders fell down before the Lamb, having every one of them harps, and
golden vials full of odours, which are the prayers of saints.
9 And they sung a new song, saying, Thou art worthy to take the book, and
to open the seals thereof: for thou wast slain, and hast redeemed us to
God by thy blood out of every kindred, and tongue, and people, and
nation;) Maybe God will be able to remove this book from his library after
the tribulation.

God has the book of life. This book contains the names of every
person who has ever been conceived or will be conceived. This book is
related to the Lamb's book of life, but is not the same. God will use
these two books when people stand before him. Whether a person's name is
found in them will determine whether they spend eternity in heaven or the
lake of fire. A person's name has been written in here before the
foundation of the earth as God knew you would be conceived long before you
ever were. (Revelation 17:8 The beast that thou sawest was, and is not;
and shall ascend out of the bottomless pit, and go into perdition: and
they that dwell on the earth shall wonder, whose names were not written in
the book of life from the foundation of the world, when they behold the
beast that was, and is not, and yet is.) Notice that a person's name is
written in the book of life whether they were born or not. All babies who
have died in the womb whether from abortion or some medical condition
still have their names written in the book of life even though they were
never born. When a person dies in their sins as an unsaved person then
their name is blotted out of the book of life. To blot out means to
remove, erase, or destroy the name from the book. If a person's name is
blotted out from the book of life then they will spend eternity in the
lake of fire. (Revelation 20:15 And whosoever was not found written in
the book of life was cast into the lake of fire.)

God also has the Lamb's book of life which is also known as the book
of life of the Lamb. (Revelation 13:8 And all that dwell upon the earth
shall worship him, whose names are not written in the book of life of the
Lamb slain from the foundation of the world.) The Lamb of course is Jesus
as shown in John 1:29. (John 1:29 ¶ The next day John seeth Jesus coming
unto him, and saith, Behold the Lamb of God, which taketh away the sin of
the world.) The Lamb's book of life is the most important book that God
has. It contains all of the names of those who have been reborn and saved
by being washed in the blood of the Lamb or Jesus. Everyone in this book
will go to heaven when they die or are raptured. A person cannot have
their name blotted out of the Lamb's book of life as salvation is eternal
and cannot be lost. God in his omniscience knew who would receive Jesus as
their Saviour before the foundation of the world and thus that person's
name was written in this book long before they were born let alone before
they were reborn. Saved people also have their names written in the book
of life as all people who have ever lived. The saved person does not have
their name blotted out of the book of life when they die, only the unsaved
do. As the last of the unsaved die and their name is blotted out of the
book of life this will leave the book of life only with the names of saved
people. At this point the names in the book of life and the Lamb's book of
life will match. This is why the book of life is often used almost
synonymous with the Lamb's book of life because God sees the completed
books that match in names. When the unsaved people stand before God at the
great white throne judgment then God will open the books referring to
these books. Notice it is plural. Many may claim they were good people and
cast out devils in his name and deserve to go to heaven, but God will open
the books to see if their names are written in them. (Matthew 7:22-23 22
Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy
name? and in thy name have cast out devils? and in thy name done many
wonderful works?
23 And then will I profess unto them, I never knew you: depart from me, ye
that work iniquity.) God uses these books to condemn the people against
their own words. Daniel also spoke of there being plural books as he is
speaking of the book of life and the Lamb's book of life and the judgment
of the unsaved at the great white throne judgment. (Daniel 7:10 A fiery
stream issued and came forth from before him: thousand thousands
ministered unto him, and ten thousand times ten thousand stood before him:
the judgment was set, and the books were opened.) God may use other books
besides these. All of those at the great white throne judgment will not
find their names written in the book of life. God will tell them that
their names are not found and they will be cast into the lake of fire for
all eternity. You do not want to be at this judgment and have your name
blotted out of the book of life. Once it is blotted out then it can never
be added again. The greatest decision that a person can make is to choose
life by choosing Jesus as their Saviour. Jesus told his disciples not to
rejoice in the fact that God allowed them to cast out devils, but rather
that their names were written in heaven. (Luke 10:20 Notwithstanding in
this rejoice not, that the spirits are subject unto you; but rather
rejoice, because your names are written in heaven.) This refers to being
written in the Lamb's book of life. This is the only book that matters and
we all need to make sure our names are in it. The only way to be saved and
to ensure that your name is written in the Lamb's book of life is to
repent and admit that you are a sinner and believe that Jesus as God took
your place on the cross, died and shed his blood for you in order to wash
away your sins, he was buried, and rose again victoriously from that grave
on the third day and now sits on the right hand of God. If you truly
believe that Jesus is the only Saviour and call upon him to save you then
your name will be written in the Lamb's book of life. We are told that
Jesus is the author of our salvation. Jesus loved us so much that he was
willing to take our place on the cross and die for us so that we might
have salvation. Jesus bore the sins of the world so that all could have
salvation for those who accept the free gift of salvation. (Hebrews 5:9
And being made perfect, he became the author of eternal salvation unto all
them that obey him;) We are also told that Jesus is the author and
finisher of our faith. We must have faith in order to be saved, but it is
only by God's grace that he allows us to have that faith which will then
save us because of God's grace. Jesus is the one who gives us our faith so
that by God's grace we can be saved. This makes sense since Jesus is the
author of our salvation which comes by his grace through the faith that he
gives us to believe and trust in him. (Hebrews 12:2 Looking unto Jesus the
author and finisher of our faith; who for the joy that was set before him
endured the cross, despising the shame, and is set down at the right hand
of the throne of God.) [Ephesians 2:5 Even when we were dead in sins, hath
quickened us together with Christ, (by grace ye are saved;)] (Ephesians
2:8 For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves:
it is the gift of God:) The Lamb's book of life is given the name book of
the living in Psalm 69:28. (Psalm 69:28 Let them be blotted out of the
book of the living, and not be written with the righteous.) The book is
called the book of the living because only those who are spiritually born
again are considered living by God. The unsaved are all spiritually dead
and will see a second death besides the physical death. As this verse
shows only the righteous will be in the book. The only way a person can
become righteous is by being washed in the blood of Jesus who will wash
away our sins and make them as white as snow. (Isaiah 1:18 Come now, and
let us reason together, saith the LORD: though your sins be as scarlet,
they shall be as white as snow; though they be red like crimson, they
shall be as wool.) I believe God has a book that has written down all of
the things we have said and have done and this book will also be brought
out at the great white throne judgment and at the judgment seat of Christ
which is for believers. The book will be used to condemn the unsaved as
they will claim they did good works, but God will show that you can never
do enough good works to earn salvation. The book will be used against
believers, not for salvation, but for crowns and rewards to see if they
burn up or will survive the fire. (I Corinthians 3:11-15 11 For other
foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ.
12 Now if any man build upon this foundation gold, silver, precious
stones, wood, hay, stubble;
13 Every man's work shall be made manifest: for the day shall declare it,
because it shall be revealed by fire; and the fire shall try every man's
work of what sort it is.
14 If any man's work abide which he hath built thereupon, he shall receive
a reward.
15 If any man's work shall be burned, he shall suffer loss: but he himself
shall be saved; yet so as by fire.) Only works done for Jesus will survive
the fire. (Romans 14:10 But why dost thou judge thy brother? or why dost
thou set at nought thy brother? for we shall all stand before the judgment
seat of Christ.) (II Corinthians 5:10 For we must all appear before the
judgment seat of Christ; that every one may receive the things done in his
body, according to that he hath done, whether it be good or bad.) Isaiah
warned the people to repent of their sins by reading what was written down
in the book of the LORD which appears to have been a book God commanded
Isaiah to write down that contained the sins of the people that would be
used as a witness against them forever. (Isaiah 30:8 ¶ Now go, write it
before them in a table, and note it in a book, that it may be for the time
to come for ever and ever:) (Isaiah 34:16 ¶ Seek ye out of the book of the
LORD, and read: no one of these shall fail, none shall want her mate: for
my mouth it hath commanded, and his spirit it hath gathered them.) Let
this be a lesson for us. Just as God has a book as a witness against the
Jews of Isaiah's day, God also has a book as a witness against us. Think
about this the next time you are thinking about sinning as it will be
written in God's book to be used as a witness against you. This book
should motivate you to get saved if you are not already so that you can
ensure that your name is written in the Lamb's book of life and for those
who are saved to live for God.

We have seen that God is quite the author of many books and has a
large library. People often do not realize that God is an author or has a
library, but we have shown how God's books are because he loves everyone
and wishes that none should perish. God's books are so that we might be
brought to his Son Jesus and be saved. They are also a reminder for God of
our tears, his victories in his war with Satan, and as a witness against
each of us as we stand before God on judgment day. We all need to
understand that the one book we need to be written in is the Lamb's book
of life if we want to one day live forever with God. I myself am an
author, but God is the greatest author of all time and there is no
comparison. Remember that God has a book for everything and that he cares
about you and loves you and wants everyone to have their name in the
Lamb's book of life which is his most important book. Pray today for life
to ensure your name is written in that book.    

Search for: _____________________  [ Search ]

Recent Comments

Archives

Categories

• No categories

Meta

• Log in
• Entries feed
• Comments feed
• WordPress.org

Created my free logo at LogoMakr.com

Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Copyright (c) 2024 Jesus is God and Lord Ministries | Credits
Powered by Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

