Link: profile
Link: dns-prefetch
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Feed (alternate)
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Comments Feed (alternate)
Link: preconnect
Link: preconnect
Link: https://api.w.org/
Link: alternate
Link: RSD (EditURI)
Link: canonical
Link: shortlink
Link: alternate
Link: alternate
Skip to content
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Ye Must Be Born Again

Main Menu

• HOME
• STORE
• ABOUT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD MINISTRIES
• BELIEFS
• CONTACT
• KING JAMES BIBLE TO READ AND LISTEN TO
• KING JAMES BIBLE WORDS AND PHRASES DEFINED
• WHY WE MUST BE BORN AGAIN
• WHAT MUST I DO TO BE SAVED (BE BORN AGAIN), HAVE ETERNAL LIFE AND GO
TO HEAVEN?
• NOW THAT I AM A BORN AGAIN CHRISTIAN, HOW DO I GROW (MATURE)?
• PROOF THAT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD
• SERMONS AND SCRIPTURE LESSONSMenu Toggle

• 3:16 Verses
• Abraham the obedient father and type of God the Father
• According to the word of the LORD
• Alleged Contradictions in Scripture
• Angels and spiritual beings
• Animals Teaching Man  
• Be like Jesus
• Be Thankful
• Bread in Scripture
• Christian Martyrs for Jesus
• Colors in Scripture
• Curse Israel and you will be cursed
• Dangers of Calvinism
• Deadliest battles in scripture
• Deserts in scripture and in our lives
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism
• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freedom and Liberty come from God
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise
• From the resurrection to the ascension
• Genealogies of Jesus
• Gifts of the Holy Ghost
• God is Light
• God is Love
• God the Holy Ghost
• Halloween and the connection to Satan
• Honour Thy Mother
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus is the door that all must enter for everlasting life
• Jesus is the Light of the World and Christians Should Reflect
that Light
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jesus versus Mohammad
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Jonah
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Jude
• Malachi   
• Martyrs in the Lord's Army
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Nahum
• Nehemiah 3 and the ten gates of the Jerusalem wall
• Obadiah
• Our Nation Was Founded Upon God
• Philemon
• Prayer
• Pre-incarnate Appearances of Jesus (Theophanies)
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Proof that Jesus is God
• Prophecies Fulfilled by Jesus at his First Coming
• Prophecies of the Second Coming of Jesus
• Psalm 23
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines
• Santa is Satan and his little elves are devils
• Serve in the Lord's Army
• Seven Vial Judgments of Revelation
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  
• Star of Bethlehem
• Thankful people in scripture  
• The Battle of Gog and Magog
• The Books of God
• The Crucifixion of Jesus
• The Egyptian gods and goddesses of the ten plagues and their
judgment and defeat by the God of gods
• The Exodus   
• The Good Samaritan
• The Gospel in Stone
• The Gospel in the Stars
• The Greatest Father Anyone Can Have And Everyone Needs
• The Handwriting of God
• The Illegal Trial of Jesus
• The King James Bible Built-in Dictionary
• The Miracles at the Crucifixion of Jesus
• The New Year's resolutions that need to be kept
• The Number Seven in Scripture
• The Number Three in Scripture  
• The Riotous Son
• The True Creationism of the Scriptures versus False Theories
• The Unscriptural Flat Earth Theory
• The Unscriptural Lucifer Flood  
• The Widow Woman and the Oil  
• The Word Became Flesh
• Types of the Holy Ghost in scripture
• Was Jesus born on Christmas?
• Was Jesus Crucified on Friday?
• Water in Scripture
• Weather in scripture
• Who are the sons of God of Genesis 6?
• Work is from God
• Worshipping God in psalms, hymns, and spiritual songs
• Zephaniah

• VIDEOS
• HYMNS
• FOR PRECIOUS JEWISH SOULSMenu Toggle

• Meet the Jewish Messiah
• False Religion of Judaism
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  

• FOR PRECIOUS ROMAN CATHOLIC SOULSMenu Toggle

• False Doctrines of Roman Catholicism
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• CULTSMenu Toggle

• Roman CatholicismMenu Toggle

• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism

• FALSE RELIGIONSMenu Toggle

• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise

• RECOMMENDED BOOKS FOR READING
• LINKS
• CHECKOUT
• New items are available in the store for purchase.

0

The Crucifixion of Jesus

We prepare to celebrate the death of our Lord Jesus which we call
Good Friday. It may seem strange to celebrate the death of the God-man,
but if Jesus had not died and shed his blood for us on that cross then he
could never have risen from the grave to bring victory over death and we
would still be dead in our sins. Jesus suffered terribly for you and me
for nothing that he did, but because he loved us so much and wanted us to
be reunited with him. Jesus was a sinless man who did not deserve death.
(II Corinthians 5:21 For he hath made him to be sin for us, who knew no
sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in him.) We are going
to look at the suffering that he bore for all mankind from his scourging
to the actual crucifixion. Much of this comes from a physician Dr. David
A. Ball who understands the anatomy and the effects of crucifixion on the
body. Being crucified was one of the worst ways to die and was often saved
for the worst criminals. The Romans used crucifixion as a way to keep the
people in line and these were very public events oftentimes with people
hanging on the cross for days suffering cruel deaths and for all to see
and mock them. The crucifixion of Jesus was no different as he was
crucified with two criminals, one on each side. (Matthew 27:38 Then were
there two thieves crucified with him, one on the right hand, and another
on the left.) Jesus would be mocked not only by the people, but even by
the two thieves on the crosses next to him. (Matthew 27:39 ¶ And they that
passed by reviled him, wagging their heads,) (Matthew 27:44 The thieves
also, which were crucified with him, cast the same in his teeth.)
Crucifixion was only for non-Roman citizens which is why Jesus as a Jew
was crucified as was Peter, but Paul was beheaded since he was a Roman
citizen.

Jesus knew his whole life that his only purpose for being alive was
to die a cruel undeserved death so that man could be saved. Most people
never want to think about death, but Jesus knew that was his purpose here
on earth. Before Jesus was crucified he had been praying to God the Father
to take away his having to go to the cross and bearing the sins of the
world. He was in so much mental anguish over what he knew he would have to
bear on that cross that he sweat drops of blood. This is a very rare
medical condition known as hematidrosis. (Luke 22:42-44 42 Saying, Father,
if thou be willing, remove this cup from me: nevertheless not my will, but
thine, be done. 
43 And there appeared an angel unto him from heaven, strengthening him.
44 And being in an agony he prayed more earnestly: and his sweat was as it
were great drops of blood falling down to the ground.) His own disciples
did not believe what he had told them and instead of praying themselves
for Jesus, they slept and later would run away instead of supporting him.
The suffering of Jesus started even before his arrest and then it was one
of his own that led to his arrest in Judas Iscariot. Here would be more
mental anguish. Being betrayed is bad enough, but to be betrayed by
someone who is supposed to be your friend is very painful mentally. (Luke
22:47-48 47 ¶ And while he yet spake, behold a multitude, and he that was
called Judas, one of the twelve, went before them, and drew near unto
Jesus to kiss him.
48 But Jesus said unto
him, Judas, betrayest thou the Son of man with a kiss?)    

Jesus was arrested and bound for no crime he had committed. Jesus was
falsely accused of a crime since the Jewish leaders wanted him dead. The
Romans had taken away the Jews right to execute anyone, so the Jewish
leaders had to get the Romans to execute Jesus. At these fake trials the
Jews buffeted and smote Jesus with the palms of their hands. (Matthew
26:67 Then did they spit in his face, and buffeted him; and others smote
him with the palms of their hands,) (Luke 22:64 And when they had
blindfolded him, they struck him on the face, and asked him, saying,
Prophesy, who is it that smote thee?) Buffet means to punch a person with
fists over and over in the face. Jesus was blindfolded so he could not
even see the blows coming. Being blindfolded is more mental anguish as you
cannot see what is going on and what they may be doing. No one likes being
blind. Jesus was hit so many times in the face that it says his visage or
the form of his face was so disfigured that he was not recognized. (Isaiah
52:14 As many were astonied at thee; his visage was so marred more than
any man, and his form more than the sons of men:) Besides the beatings,
Jesus was spat upon. This was not only considered a great insult, but it
is very frustrating to be spit on and the spit probably did not feel good
in his open wounds. Being spit upon is mental anguish as was the mocking
done by the Jews and later by the Romans and others. These beatings were
illegal according to Jewish law. Following the fake trials, Jesus was
found guilty by the Jewish leaders, but not by the Roman governor Pontius
Pilate. Pilate wanted to free Jesus except to scourge him, but he was
convinced by the people to crucify Jesus. Pilate did not want a riot to
start, so he gave into the Jews. Pilate told the Roman soldiers to scourge
Jesus before he was crucified. (Matthew 27:24-26 24 ¶ When Pilate saw that
he could prevail nothing, but that rather a tumult was made, he took
water, and washed his hands before the multitude, saying, I am innocent of
the blood of this just person: see ye to it.
25 Then answered all the people, and said, His blood be on us, and on our
children.

26 ¶ Then released he Barabbas unto them: and when he had scourged Jesus,
he delivered him to be crucified.) This was not normal. Normally you were
either scourged as your punishment or you were crucified, but Jesus
endured both. Scourging just like crucifixion was not allowed on Roman
citizens. (Acts 22:25 And as they bound him with thongs, Paul said unto
the centurion that stood by, Is it lawful for you to scourge a man that is
a Roman, and uncondemned?) Scourging consisted of taking a whip that had
nine tails on it with a hook on the end similar to a fishhook. The tails
were often cords and thin to hurt even more than a wide strip does. It
always hurts more when hit with a thin strip than a wider one. The
prisoner would have his shirt removed and would be strapped down on his
stomach so he could not move and then would be whipped with great speed
and ferocity. It was probably hard to breathe strapped down like that as
well. When the whip hit the flesh then the soldier would pull back to
bring the whip back to him so he could lash him again. When the whip hit
the flesh then the hooks would imbed into the skin and when they were
pulled back by the soldier then chunks of flesh would be torn out of the
back. Muscles would have been torn and maybe even nerves. The Jews were
allowed to whip a person forty times, but always stopped at thirty nine to
make sure in case they miss counted to not exceed forty stripes.
(Deuteronomy 25:3 Forty stripes he may give him, and not exceed: lest, if
he should exceed, and beat him above these with many stripes, then thy
brother should seem vile unto thee.) The Romans were not limited to this,
but even 39 times of this would have torn the back of Jesus to shreds with
skin hanging from him. The whip would often extend to the sides as well.
The scourging of Jesus was predicted by Isaiah. (Isaiah 50:6 I gave my
back to the smiters, and my cheeks to them that plucked off the hair: I
hid not my face from shame and spitting.) (Isaiah 53:5 But he was wounded
for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the
chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are
healed.) The stripes mentioned refer to the stripes left on his back from
the scourging. The bruising refers to that left by being punched and
slapped in the face and probably even some bruising from the scourging and
from the crown of thorns on his head. Jesus would have internal bruising
from being scourged. Jesus also told his disciples when they were on their
way to Jerusalem for his triumphant entry on Palm Sunday that he would be
scourged there and mocked, spit upon, and killed so he knew what was going
to happen to him even before getting there yet Jesus still went so he
could die for you and me. Dying is bad enough, but Jesus suffered greatly
before his death before even dying. (Mark 10:34 And they shall mock him,
and shall scourge him, and shall spit upon him, and shall kill him: and
the third day he shall rise again.) Many people never survived the brutal
scourging.    

Following the scourging of Jesus, he was then stripped of the rest of
his clothes so he endured the embarrassment of being seen naked and he
then was clothed with a purple robe to mock him as king. This robe was
probably heavy and any clothing upon the open bleeding wounds on his back
would make the wounds hurt even more. The blood dripping down his back
into open wounds would also add to the pain. After placing the robe on
Jesus he was crowned with a crown of thorns. If you have ever been pricked
by a thorn then you know how painful that is. Can you imagine them all
being placed upon the head and pushed down into his skin causing even more
bleeding and pain. That alone had to be excruciating on top of the other
things done to him. Then to top it off the Roman soldiers smote or hit him
on the head with a reed which was a type of aquatic plant. (Mark 15:19 And
they smote him on the head with a reed, and did spit upon him, and
bowing their knees worshipped him.) Remember his face had already been
beaten and punched by the Jews and now the Romans add to the disfiguring
of his face by injuring his head. The pain must have been unbelievable for
as they hit his head with the reed then the crown of thorns would dig
deeper into his head making it bleed even more. Finally the Romans spit in
the face of Jesus just as the Jews had. Jesus was forced to walk from one
fake trial to the next for a total of six trials. He would have been up
all night so he would have been sleepy and then he is forced to endure all
of this punishment when he knew he was innocent. He would have been hungry
and thirsty. Trying to walk with all of the flesh hanging from his back
and the open wounds upon them must have been very painful. Every time he
walked the wounds would spread open more. It was also cold out as Peter
had tried to warm himself by the fire and the cold would just add to the
suffering of Jesus as he was not dressed for warmth and the cold would try
to shrink the open wounds. Sometime after the scourging of Jesus, his
beard was pulled out of his face. Again this would be very painful. If you
ever have a piece of hair pulled out it hurts, but to pull it out of the
face as with a beard is much more painful. Your face has many nerve
endings and beard hair is thicker and requires greater effort to pull out.
His face was already marred beyond recognition by the beatings he took,
was bleeding, and in great pain, and now they add to it by plucking the
hairs of his beard off of his face as we saw in Isaiah 50:6. This would
hurt enough by itself, but when Jesus' face was so damaged then it would
be that much more painful. They probably were grabbing on it and pulling
chunks out at a time and multiple people at the same time so he would be
pulled in different directions putting even more strain on an already sore
and damaged face.

Following all of this Jesus was forced to once again walk to the
crucifixion site. Jesus had already suffered the mental anguish of having
been rejected by his own people for a murderer and robber in Barabbas and
now was being led off to be crucified. (Mark 15:7 And there was one named
Barabbas, which lay bound with them that had made insurrection with him,
who had committed murder in the insurrection.) (John 18:40 Then cried they
all again, saying, Not this man, but Barabbas. Now Barabbas was a robber.)
These same people that rejected him were the same people he had created as
God and had come to die for. The people chose a murderer and a robber over
the Creator of the universe and their Messiah. While Jesus was being
forced to walk to the crucifixion site then he was also forced to carry
the cross he would be crucified on. This walk was uphill making it even
harder. It is believed this was about a half mile in distance. That is a
long way to carry such weight under such a condition as Jesus was in.
(John 19:17 And he bearing his cross went forth into a place
called the place of a skull, which is called in the Hebrew Golgotha:)
Jesus was carrying the cross he would die on made from a tree that he had
created. He would have had to place this on his back to try and carry it
due to its size and weight. This would have weighed over a hundred pounds.
The cross would have rubbed against his open bleeding sores along with the
great pressure on those open wounds. This would have added much to his
pain while at the same time having to try and walk and probably having a
hard time seeing as well due to his face being so marred. The cross was
often placed on a person's back and tied to outstretched arms. This would
force you to walk hunched over. Scripture does not say, but it is very
likely that as Jesus was walking he would have stumbled and maybe even
fallen. It is believed this was cobblestone they were walking on, but even
if just ground then it would be very hard and especially since his arms
were tied to the cross then he could not put them out if he fell. This
would cause him to fall smack on his face damaging it even more. With the
weight on his back it would crash into him upon falling and this could
easily cause bruising of the heart that alone could lead to death. He
could even break or bruise ribs. Jesus was finally unable to carry his
cross any longer due to his injuries and so Simon of Cyrene was forced to
carry it. (Matthew 27:32 And as they came out, they found a man of Cyrene,
Simon by name: him they compelled to bear his cross.) Most people if they
had to endure what Jesus had to even before he was crucified would have
long died before ever being crucified. This also shows the determination
of Jesus to endure the pain and live so that he could be crucified as
prophesied and could bear the sins of the world so that man might have
everlasting life. Just as prophesy foretold of Jesus being scourged, it
also foretold of the crucifixion of Jesus hundreds of years before it was
even invented as a form of capital punishment. (Psalm 22:16 For dogs have
compassed me: the assembly of the wicked have inclosed me: they pierced my
hands and my feet.) Jesus also knew he would be crucified when he went
into Jerusalem and told his disciples he would. (Matthew 20:17-19 17 ¶ And
Jesus going up to Jerusalem took the twelve disciples apart in the way,
and said unto them,
18 Behold, we go up to Jerusalem; and the Son of man shall be betrayed
unto the chief priests and unto the scribes, and they shall condemn him to
death,
19 And shall deliver him to the Gentiles to mock, and to scourge, and to
crucify him: and the third day he shall rise again.) Most men would run
away knowing they were going to die, but not Jesus. Jesus was a man's man.
Jesus was willing to be crucified and become a curse for you and me. It
was a curse for a Jew to be hanged on a tree, yet Jesus became that curse
for you and me. (Deuteronomy 21:23 His body shall not remain all night
upon the tree, but thou shalt in any wise bury him that day; (for he that
is hanged is accursed of God;) that thy land be not defiled, which the
LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance.) (Galatians 3:13 Christ hath
redeemed us from the curse of the law, being made a curse for us: for it
is written, Cursed is every one that hangeth on a tree:)

Jesus was crucified at the third hour or 9 am and hung and suffered
on that cross for six hours until 3 pm or the ninth hour. (Mark 15:25 And
it was the third hour, and they crucified him.) While on that cross he was
once again mocked. Jesus was placed on that cross naked since his clothes
were taken and divided among four soldiers. (John 19:23 ¶ Then the
soldiers, when they had crucified Jesus, took his garments, and made four
parts, to every soldier a part; and also his coat: now the coat was
without seam, woven from the top throughout.) We see even here how Jesus
presented the gospel without the soldiers even knowing since four means
gospel, but can also mean world of which Jesus died for in reference to
the people of the world including those four Roman soldiers. They were
crucified naked as part of the humiliation and shame that they would feel.
Here was more mental anguish that Jesus would have endured as he the
Creator of the world was flaunted naked before his creation including men,
women, and children. When a person was crucified then they were nailed to
the cross. (John 20:25 The other disciples therefore said unto him, We
have seen the Lord. But he said unto them, Except I shall see in his hands
the print of the nails, and put my finger into the print of the nails, and
thrust my hand into his side, I will not believe.) We already read Psalm
22:16 which showed how Jesus was pierced in his hands and his feet. In
this case he was pierced with nails. The arms were outstretched with each
hand being nailed and then one foot was placed on top of the other foot
and nailed to the cross. Usually the foot was placed flat on the cross
with the other one flat on top of it to expedite the death and make it
harder to breathe. The nails in the hands were probably actually placed in
the space of destot which is in the wrist. This space unlike the palm of
the hand which is often portrayed in pictures allows the nail to hold up
the person whereas if in the palm the nail would rip through the hand. The
wrist at that time was considered part of the hand. Just above this space
is the median nerve that goes to the thumb. The nail would have placed
pressure on this nerve and would have sent tremendous constant pain
shooting through the hand. Anyone with nerve pain can attest to the pain
it causes including often a burning sensation. They did sometimes nail in
the palms so it is possible that this was done with Jesus, but quite
unlikely. Just having the nails driven into the hands and feet would be
painful enough. These nails were more like spikes and not small nails. It
is believed they were usually around seven to nine inches long and had a
square end rather than a rounded end which would require a much greater
force to enter the body. It is quite possible that Jesus could have had
his shoulders separated while hanging on the cross and later his wrists as
well from hanging. The way that the feet were nailed to the cross
prevented the person from being able to hold themselves up except with the
thigh muscles. These muscles will quickly tire even in an athlete, but
Jesus had already gone through much torture so he was far from being fit.
After the muscles tire a person is forced to relax which then puts added
pressure on the hands and shoots even more pain through the median nerve.
As Jesus was upon the cross for six hours then he would have had
difficulty breathing. Normally a person who was crucified would die from
suffocation as the lungs could not get air. As a person was on the cross
they would have to try and lift themselves up so that the head was equal
or above the arms, but this could only be done for a short period due to
muscle fatigue. A person could inhale while slumped, but could not exhale.
Eventually the person would not be able to breathe and would suffocate.
Remember Jesus had his back ripped open from scourging and this moving up
or down would cause great pain. Some did die from starvation, dehydration,
or animals eating them if they placed them on the cross in a way to
prolong their death. This was not done for Jesus. Because Jesus was
probably having a hard time inhaling oxygen due to having to keep himself
held up then his body would accommodate for this by burning only
carbohydrates. This causes lactic acid to build up in the muscles which is
painful. If you have every used your muscles for a long period of time
doing strenuous work then you know what lactic acid is. The burning in
them that you feel when extremely fatigued is due to lactic acid. This
would have probably happened to Jesus. We know that Jesus did not die from
suffocation since just before he died he was able to shout twice with a
loud voice. (Matthew 27:46 And about the ninth hour Jesus cried with a
loud voice, saying, Eli, Eli, lama sabachthani? that is to say, My God, my
God, why hast thou forsaken me?) (Matthew 27:50 ¶ Jesus, when he had cried
again with a loud voice, yielded up the ghost.) Jesus died just after
shouting. He had also been able to talk seven recorded utterances while on
the cross as he took care of his mom, gave eternal salvation to one of the
thieves, and forgave those who crucified him. Even while suffering in
great agony, Jesus still took the time to not only fulfill prophecy such
as I thirst, but to forgive sinners and look after his mom. This shows his
great love as he cared more about others than his own suffering. (Isaiah
53:12 Therefore will I divide him a portion with the great, and he shall
divide the spoil with the strong; because he hath poured out his soul unto
death: and he was numbered with the transgressors; and he bare the sin of
many, and made intercession for the transgressors.) Suffocation is a slow
process. Not sudden death as seen with Jesus and they are never able to
shout out. They are usually gasping too much for each breathe to even be
able to talk or if they do it is often a soft whisper. Now while Jesus
probably did suffer in his breathing, it was not suffocation that he died
from. It was also not due to blood loss which causes hypovolemic shock. It
is true that Jesus lost a lot of blood, but probably not enough to kill
him. Dr. Ball believes that Jesus died from a broken or ruptured heart and
he says scripture proves that. This would make a lot of sense
theologically as Jesus bore the burden of the sins of everyone from Adam
to the last person born for all time on that cross and the fact that he
knew most would reject him should break anyone's heart who loves the lost
and just like Jesus wishes that none should perish. As was stated it is
very likely that Jesus would have fallen while carrying his cross and the
fall would have bruised his heart. Today we can do surgery or if not as
bad the person is given much bed rest, but Jesus had neither option so his
heart would not heal. It is very likely a small hole was punctured in the
heart of Jesus if he fell. This would cause blood to leak out with every
heart beat and fill the pericardial sac with blood. The pericardial sac,
or pericardium as it is also known as, surrounds the heart. As this sac
filled with blood it would put pressure on it like filling up a balloon
with water. When the pressure in the sac equals the pressure the heart can
pump then the heart will stop. This is known as cardiac tamponade. This
occurs quickly, but not so quick that the person does not know they are
about to die. This would allow Jesus to have shouted loudly and then die
right after from this broken or ruptured heart. As Dr. Ball said it is
important to understand that Jesus really died or else he could not be our
Saviour and we are still dead in our sins. Many claim Jesus faked his
death, but God shows in scripture that not only did Jesus die, but he
tells us how he died. Often times a person's legs were broken to speed up
death since they could not lift themselves up and they would quickly
suffocate. This was done to the two thieves, but Jesus had already died so
they did not break his legs. To confirm that Jesus really died we see that
after his death Jesus was pierced by a spear in his side that went through
the pericardium and into the heart. This would guarantee death for anyone
including Jesus. (John 19:34 But one of the soldiers with a spear pierced
his side, and forthwith came there out blood and water.) The description
of blood and water coming out forthwith or immediately after the
pericardial sac was pierced by the spear confirms that Jesus died of a
ruptured heart. If Jesus had died of another cause then no blood would
come out since none would be pumped. This knowledge is used even today by
detectives to determine if a dead person in a car crash died because of
the crash or had a heart attack which caused the crash. If he died in the
crash there is blood, but if he died of a heart attack then there is no
blood. When a person dies of a ruptured heart then the blood that is in
the pericardial sac separates into red blood cells and a clear serum. The
clear serum mixes with the clear pericardial fluid. The red blood cells
settle to the bottom of the sac and the clear fluid stays on top. When
Jesus was pierced in his side then the pericardial sac was ruptured and
first the blood would come out and then the clear fluid or water as
described by John who was a witness to the event. God tells us how Jesus
died as there is no other medical explanation for the blood and water
coming out of Jesus' side. Jesus may have died of a broken or ruptured
heart medically, but he gave his life for you and me. No one took his
life, he gave his life. (Luke 23:46 ¶ And when Jesus had cried with a loud
voice, he said, Father, into thy hands I commend my spirit: and having
said thus, he gave up the ghost.) Jesus willingly gave his spirit into the
hands of his Father who is God the Father. Jesus died at the precise
moment that the passover lamb was crucified and Jesus was our passover
lamb so we might live. (I Corinthians 5:7 Purge out therefore the old
leaven, that ye may be a new lump, as ye are unleavened. For even Christ
our passover is sacrificed for us:) Some say Jesus could not have willed
himself to die at the exact moment he did as this would require the use of
his deity. This may be true, but then God chose the time for him and let
Jesus know when he was going to die so that Jesus could cry out with a
loud voice "It is finished" as he did in John 19:30. John 10:18 seems to
show that God the Father did give Jesus the ability to will his life to
end without using his deity. (John 10:17-18 17 Therefore doth my Father
love me, because I lay down my life, that I might take it again.
18 No man taketh it from me, but I lay it down of myself. I have power to
lay it down, and I have power to take it again. This commandment have I
received of my Father.) This does not mean Jesus committed suicide; just
that he had control over when he died. Even people that commit suicide do
not have full control over the exact time of their death. Just remember
the reality is that all of us crucified Jesus because of our sin. Do not
blame the Jews as they could not have crucified Jesus without the help of
the Romans and again Jesus went to that cross willingly to die so that all
of us could be saved if we choose him as our Saviour. Jesus paid the
penalty for sin for us when he took our place on that cross and suffered
and died so that we would not have to. (I Peter 3:18 For Christ also hath
once suffered for sins, the just for the unjust, that he might bring us to
God, being put to death in the flesh, but quickened by the Spirit:) (I
Peter 2:24 Who his own self bare our sins in his own body on the tree,
that we, being dead to sins, should live unto righteousness: by whose
stripes ye were healed.) We are healed from sin due to the stripes that
Jesus bore for us from his scourging to his crucifixion. Jesus said that a
man could not have any greater love than to lay down their life for their
friend, yet Jesus laid his down for his enemies. (John 15:13 Greater love
hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.)


Besides all of the physical and mental suffering by Jesus on the
cross he also had to endure extreme thirst as he probably had not had
anything to drink since the night before at the last supper. Jesus was
offered vinegar with gall, but he refused even though he was extremely
dehydrated. Gall was used as a way to numb pain and Jesus could not allow
himself to not bear the full pain of sin while on the cross. As bad as all
of the physical suffering was that Jesus endured and mental suffering from
various means, the suffering from bearing the worlds sins was probably the
greatest. Some people have a hard enough time bearing their own sins if
they have been a violent person, but Jesus bore those sins, plus all the
sins for everyone. This would be mine and yours all the way to the most
wicked men and women who have ever lived such as Hitler, Jezebel, Stalin,
and others. There is no way to even fathom what Jesus was bearing on that
cross and the suffering he endured. To make matters worse, just when Jesus
thought it could not get any worse than God the Father forsook Jesus as he
could not look at sin even if it was his only begotten Son Jesus. We saw
this in Matthew 27:46. This was predicted many years earlier. (Psalm 22:1
My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me? why art thou so far from
helping me, and from the words of my roaring?) Jesus suffered one last
time just before he died. I said he was very dehydrated and we know this
because he cried out I thirst. (John 19:28 ¶ After this, Jesus knowing
that all things were now accomplished, that the scripture might be
fulfilled, saith, I thirst.) Jesus this time was offered vinegar without
gall and so therefore took a sip to fulfill scripture and then died. (John
19:30 When Jesus therefore had received the vinegar, he said, It is
finished: and he bowed his head, and gave up the ghost.) Even this sip of
vinegar would bring pain. First straight vinegar tastes terrible
especially if you were extremely thirsty as Jesus was. The vinegar which
is also a mild acid would burn and be very painful as it touched his dried
chapped and cracked lips as well as probably sores inside his mouth from
the beatings he had suffered earlier and probably even burned as it went
down his throat. Jesus suffered in so many ways on his way to the cross as
we have seen. Each one of them is bad, but to have to have bore all of
these together is unfathomable. Many people could not have survived even
one of these events suffered by Jesus, yet he continued to suffer for you
and me. Realize that Jesus at any time while he was suffering the things
that were mentioned even up until the time of his death then he as God
could have stopped it all, but he chose not to so that we might have
everlasting life. If you are not saved, please receive Jesus today as your
Saviour so that his great suffering and death will not have been in vain.
That should have been you and me suffering the way Jesus did, but he took
our place for us so that we would not have to. Thank God for that. I have
shown how Jesus suffered and went to the cross for you so please call upon
Jesus today. Today even most Christians take the death of Jesus on the
cross for granted and do not understand the true agony that Jesus suffered
while on the cross and shortly before going to the cross. This is usually
not preached in churches, but we need to understand the pain Jesus bore
because of mine and your sins. It was not because of someone else, but
because of ours. Jesus would have died on that cross for even just one
sinner. Now that is love.       

Thank God that the story does not end with the crucifixion and death
of Jesus. If it did then we would still be dead in our sins. (I
Corinthians 15:17 And if Christ be not raised, your faith is vain; ye are
yet in your sins.) Jesus was buried after his death, but he arose from
that grave on the third day to bring victory over death and our sins and
today sits at the right hand of God the Father. We serve a risen Saviour
and God unlike false religions. Praise be to God.                

Search for: _____________________  [ Search ]

Recent Comments

Archives

Categories

• No categories

Meta

• Log in
• Entries feed
• Comments feed
• WordPress.org

Created my free logo at LogoMakr.com

Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Copyright (c) 2024 Jesus is God and Lord Ministries | Credits
Powered by Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

