Link: profile
Link: dns-prefetch
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Feed (alternate)
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Comments Feed (alternate)
Link: preconnect
Link: preconnect
Link: https://api.w.org/
Link: alternate
Link: RSD (EditURI)
Link: canonical
Link: shortlink
Link: alternate
Link: alternate
Skip to content
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Ye Must Be Born Again

Main Menu

• HOME
• STORE
• ABOUT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD MINISTRIES
• BELIEFS
• CONTACT
• KING JAMES BIBLE TO READ AND LISTEN TO
• KING JAMES BIBLE WORDS AND PHRASES DEFINED
• WHY WE MUST BE BORN AGAIN
• WHAT MUST I DO TO BE SAVED (BE BORN AGAIN), HAVE ETERNAL LIFE AND GO
TO HEAVEN?
• NOW THAT I AM A BORN AGAIN CHRISTIAN, HOW DO I GROW (MATURE)?
• PROOF THAT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD
• SERMONS AND SCRIPTURE LESSONSMenu Toggle

• 3:16 Verses
• Abraham the obedient father and type of God the Father
• According to the word of the LORD
• Alleged Contradictions in Scripture
• Angels and spiritual beings
• Animals Teaching Man  
• Be like Jesus
• Be Thankful
• Bread in Scripture
• Christian Martyrs for Jesus
• Colors in Scripture
• Curse Israel and you will be cursed
• Dangers of Calvinism
• Deadliest battles in scripture
• Deserts in scripture and in our lives
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism
• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freedom and Liberty come from God
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise
• From the resurrection to the ascension
• Genealogies of Jesus
• Gifts of the Holy Ghost
• God is Light
• God is Love
• God the Holy Ghost
• Halloween and the connection to Satan
• Honour Thy Mother
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus is the door that all must enter for everlasting life
• Jesus is the Light of the World and Christians Should Reflect
that Light
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jesus versus Mohammad
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Jonah
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Jude
• Malachi   
• Martyrs in the Lord's Army
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Nahum
• Nehemiah 3 and the ten gates of the Jerusalem wall
• Obadiah
• Our Nation Was Founded Upon God
• Philemon
• Prayer
• Pre-incarnate Appearances of Jesus (Theophanies)
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Proof that Jesus is God
• Prophecies Fulfilled by Jesus at his First Coming
• Prophecies of the Second Coming of Jesus
• Psalm 23
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines
• Santa is Satan and his little elves are devils
• Serve in the Lord's Army
• Seven Vial Judgments of Revelation
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  
• Star of Bethlehem
• Thankful people in scripture  
• The Battle of Gog and Magog
• The Books of God
• The Crucifixion of Jesus
• The Egyptian gods and goddesses of the ten plagues and their
judgment and defeat by the God of gods
• The Exodus   
• The Good Samaritan
• The Gospel in Stone
• The Gospel in the Stars
• The Greatest Father Anyone Can Have And Everyone Needs
• The Handwriting of God
• The Illegal Trial of Jesus
• The King James Bible Built-in Dictionary
• The Miracles at the Crucifixion of Jesus
• The New Year's resolutions that need to be kept
• The Number Seven in Scripture
• The Number Three in Scripture  
• The Riotous Son
• The True Creationism of the Scriptures versus False Theories
• The Unscriptural Flat Earth Theory
• The Unscriptural Lucifer Flood  
• The Widow Woman and the Oil  
• The Word Became Flesh
• Types of the Holy Ghost in scripture
• Was Jesus born on Christmas?
• Was Jesus Crucified on Friday?
• Water in Scripture
• Weather in scripture
• Who are the sons of God of Genesis 6?
• Work is from God
• Worshipping God in psalms, hymns, and spiritual songs
• Zephaniah

• VIDEOS
• HYMNS
• FOR PRECIOUS JEWISH SOULSMenu Toggle

• Meet the Jewish Messiah
• False Religion of Judaism
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  

• FOR PRECIOUS ROMAN CATHOLIC SOULSMenu Toggle

• False Doctrines of Roman Catholicism
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• CULTSMenu Toggle

• Roman CatholicismMenu Toggle

• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism

• FALSE RELIGIONSMenu Toggle

• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise

• RECOMMENDED BOOKS FOR READING
• LINKS
• CHECKOUT
• New items are available in the store for purchase.

0

Proof that Jesus is God and Lord

Jesus possesses all the attributes of God (omniscient, omnipotent,
and omnipresent) as well as he accepted worship, claimed to be God and was
not rebuked as well as other qualities of God because he is and always has
been and always will be God. The followers of Jesus declared him to be
God. Do you? Jesus has the names of God and authority of God and is King
of kings and Lord of lords and sovereign over all. He is the Creator and
Saviour and without sin. Jesus is eternal and without a beginning and is
self-existent. He was not created. Jesus performed the works of God. Only
God can be all of these things. The book of John is all about showing
Jesus is God. (John 20:30-31 30 ¶ And many other signs truly did Jesus in
the presence of his disciples, which are not written in this book:
31 But these are written, that ye might believe that Jesus is the Christ,
the Son of God; and that believing ye might have life through his name.)
Jesus must be God to die for our sins. Proof is shown below that Jesus is
God and Lord.

SHOWS JESUS IS WORSHIPPED IN THE HOLY BIBLE (There are many more verses
than are shown)

The host of heaven (angels) worships God the Creator (Nehemiah 9:6 Thou,
even thou, art LORD alone; thou hast made heaven, the heaven of heavens,
with all their host, the earth, and all things that are therein, the seas,
and all that is therein, and thou preservest them all; and the host of
heaven worshippeth thee.) who is Jesus. (Colossians 1:15-17 Who is the
image of the invisible God, the firstborn of every creature:
16 For by him were all things created, that are in heaven, and that are in
earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones, or dominions, or
principalities, or powers: all things were created by him, and for him:
17 And he is before all things, and by him all things consist.) and
(Hebrews 1:2 Hath in these last days spoken unto us by his Son, whom he
hath appointed heir of all things, by whom also he made the worlds;)

Wise men worshipped Jesus when they brought gifts to him when he was about
two years old. (Matthew 2:1-2 Now when Jesus was born in Bethlehem of
Judaea in the days of Herod the king, behold, there came wise men from the
east to Jerusalem,
2 Saying, Where is he that is born King of the Jews? for we have seen his
star in the east, and are come to worship him.) and (Matthew 2:11 ¶ And
when they were come into the house, they saw the young child with Mary his
mother, and fell down, and worshipped him: and when they had opened their
treasures, they presented unto him gifts; gold, and frankincense, and
myrrh.)

Leper worshipped Jesus and was cleansed. (Matthew 8:2 And, behold, there
came a leper and worshipped him, saying, Lord, if thou wilt, thou canst
make me clean.)

Ruler whose daughter was dead and raised by Jesus worshipped Jesus.
(Matthew 9:18 ¶ While he spake these things unto them, behold, there came
a certain ruler, and worshipped him, saying, My daughter is even now dead:
but come and lay thy hand upon her, and she shall live.)

The apostles worshipped Jesus in the boat after Jesus and Peter walked on
water. (Matthew 14:33 Then they that were in the ship came and worshipped
him, saying, Of a truth thou art the Son of God.)

Canaanite women whose daughter had a devil cast out worshipped Jesus.
(Matthew 15:22-25 And, behold, a woman of Canaan came out of the same
coasts, and cried unto him, saying, Have mercy on me, O Lord, thou Son of
David; my daughter is grievously vexed with a devil.
23 But he answered her not a word. And his disciples came and besought
him, saying, Send her away; for she crieth after us.
24 But he answered and said, I am not sent but unto the lost sheep of the
house of Israel.
25 Then came she and worshipped him, saying, Lord, help me.)

James and John and their mother worshipped Jesus when they came to him
with a request for each son to sit one on each side of Jesus in his
kingdom. (Matthew 20:20 ¶ Then came to him the mother of Zebedee's
children with her sons, worshipping him, and desiring a certain thing of
him.)

The disciples worshipped Jesus after they saw him after his resurrection.
(Matthew 28:9 ¶ And as they went to tell his disciples, behold, Jesus met
them, saying, All hail. And they came and held him by the feet, and
worshipped him.)

The eleven disciples worshipped Jesus in the mountain when he gave the
Great Commission after his resurrection. (Matthew 28:17 And when they saw
him, they worshipped him: but some doubted.)

Man in cave whose devils were cast into swine by Jesus, worshipped Jesus.
(Mark 5:6-7 But when he saw Jesus afar off, he ran and worshipped him,
7 And cried with a loud voice, and said, What have I to do with thee,
Jesus, thou Son of the most high God? I adjure thee by God, that thou
torment me not.)

The disciples worshipped Jesus after seeing his ascension. (Luke 24:51-53
And it came to pass, while he blessed them, he was parted from them, and
carried up into heaven.
52 And they worshipped him, and returned to Jerusalem with great joy:
53 And were continually in the temple, praising and blessing God. Amen.)

Blind man from birth that was healed worshipped Jesus. (John 9:35-38 Jesus
heard that they had cast him out; and when he had found him, he said unto
him, Dost thou believe on the Son of God?
36 He answered and said, Who is he, Lord, that I might believe on him?
37 And Jesus said unto him, Thou hast both seen him, and it is he that
talketh with thee.
38 And he said, Lord, I believe. And he worshipped him.)

God the Father commands all the angels to worship Jesus at his birth as a
man. (Hebrews 1:6 And again, when he bringeth in the firstbegotten into
the world, he saith, And let all the angels of God worship him.) [God
would not command the angels to worship Jesus if he were only a mere man,
but would if he were God as he is. Jesus was the God-man, 100% God and
also 100% man. God is a jealous God and shares his glory with no one.
(Exodus 34:14 For thou shalt worship no other god: for the LORD, whose
name is Jealous, is a jealous God:)]

The twenty four elders worshipped Jesus in heaven. (Revelation 4:10-11 The
four and twenty elders fall down before him that sat on the throne, and
worship him that liveth for ever and ever, and cast their crowns before
the throne, saying,
11 Thou art worthy, O Lord, to receive glory and honour and power: for
thou hast created all things, and for thy pleasure they are and were
created.) and (Revelation 5:14 And the four beasts said, Amen. And the
four and twenty elders fell down and worshipped him that liveth for ever
and ever.) and (Revelation 19:4 And the four and twenty elders and the
four beasts fell down and worshipped God that sat on the throne, saying,
Amen; Alleluia.)

Only God is to be worshipped. (Exodus 34:14 For thou shalt worship no
other god: for the LORD, whose name is Jealous, is a jealous God:) Jesus
never refused to be worshipped nor condemned anyone for worshipping him,
but did condemn those who worshipped false gods. Jesus himself told Satan
"thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve."
Jesus would not say this and then accept worship unless he is God. Both
men and angels obedient to God will refuse worship and reserve it and
direct it only to God. Peter told Cornelius not to worship him because he
was just a man like him. (Acts 10:25-26 And as Peter was coming in,
Cornelius met him, and fell down at his feet, and worshipped him.
26 But Peter took him up, saying, Stand up; I myself also am a man.) When
John started to worship the angel in Revelation, he was told by the angel
to get up and worship God and not him. The angel said he was a servant of
God just like John. (Revelation 19:10 And I fell at his feet to worship
him. And he said unto me, See thou do it not: I am thy fellowservant, and
of thy brethren that have the testimony of Jesus: worship God: for the
testimony of Jesus is the spirit of prophecy.), (Revelation 22:8-9 And I
John saw these things, and heard them. And when I had heard and seen, I
fell down to worship before the feet of the angel which shewed me these
things.
9 Then saith he unto me, See thou do it not: for I am thy fellowservant,
and of thy brethren the prophets, and of them which keep the sayings of
this book: worship God.)

SHOWS JESUS IS GOD IN THE HOLY BIBLE (There are many more verses than are
shown) (Note the verses are not in quotations in scripture, but are placed
in them here to separate the verses from my notes.) (Some verses are
repeated to show there relevance to more than one point.)

As seen in above verses, Jesus was worshipped and only God is to be
worshipped.

(Genesis 1:1 In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.) Jesus
is the image of the invisible God and the Creator. Only God can be the
Creator. (Colossians 1:15-17 Who is the image of the invisible God, the
firstborn of every creature: 16 For by him were all things created, that
are in heaven, and that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether they
be thrones, or dominions, or principalities, or powers: all things were
created by him, and for him: 17 And he is before all things, and by him
all things consist.) and (Hebrews 1:2 Hath in these last days spoken unto
us by his Son, whom he hath appointed heir of all things, by whom also he
made the worlds;) [We see God created all in Genesis 1:1 and then we are
told Jesus was that creator, showing Jesus is God.]

Psalm 27:1 says "the LORD is my light and my salvation". (Psalm 27:1 The
LORD is my light and my salvation; whom shall I fear? the LORD is the
strength of my life; of whom shall I be afraid?) Jesus said he is the
light of the world. (John 8:12 ¶ Then spake Jesus again unto them, saying,
I am the light of the world: he that followeth me shall not walk in
darkness, but shall have the light of life.) (Revelation 21:23 And the
city had no need of the sun, neither of the moon, to shine in it: for the
glory of God did lighten it, and the Lamb is the light thereof.) Jesus
also is our salvation. (Luke 2:30 For mine eyes have seen thy salvation,)
and (Luke 3:6 And all flesh shall see the salvation of God.) and (John
3:16 ¶ For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son,
that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting
life.) and (Acts 4:12 Neither is there salvation in any other: for there
is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be
saved.) and many other verses.

(Psalm 93:2 Thy throne is established of old: thou art from everlasting.)
John 1:1 tells us that Jesus has no beginning and has always been. (John
1:1 In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word
was God.) We know the Word is Jesus from John 1:14. [John 1:14 And the
Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the
glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth.]
(Jesus has always existed unlike what both the Jehovah's Witnesses and the
Mormons who believe Jesus is a created being. Jesus is the Creator.)

Isaiah 7:14 says Jesus will be born of a virgin and shall be called
Immanuel. Only God can be born of a virgin. Emmanuel means "God with us".
The very name given to Jesus by God [Emmanuel], tells us Jesus is God.
(Matthew 1:23-25 Behold, a virgin shall be with child, and shall bring
forth a son, and they shall call his name Emmanuel, which being
interpreted is, God with us.
24 Then Joseph being raised from sleep did as the angel of the Lord had
bidden him, and took unto him his wife:
25 And knew her not till she had brought forth her firstborn son: and he
called his name JESUS.) Jesus had to be born of a virgin or else he would
have had a sin nature as we all are born with and therefore could not have
been our passover Lamb and died for our sins to be our Saviour. (I
Corinthians 5:7 Purge out therefore the old leaven, that ye may be a new
lump, as ye are unleavened. For even Christ our passover is sacrificed for
us:)

The mighty God is a title given by Isaiah to Jesus prior to his coming in
the flesh as a man. (Isaiah 9:6 For unto us a child is born, unto us a son
is given: and the government shall be upon his shoulder: and his name
shall be called Wonderful, Counsellor, The mighty God, The everlasting
Father, The Prince of Peace.)

Jesus's throne is forever. (Isaiah 9:7 Of the increase of his government
and peace there shall be no end, upon the throne of David, and upon his
kingdom, to order it, and to establish it with judgment and with justice
from henceforth even for ever. The zeal of the LORD of hosts will perform
this.)

The LORD is the living water. (Jeremiah 2:13, 17:13). Jesus is also the
living water. (John 4:10-14 Jesus answered and said unto her, If thou
knewest the gift of God, and who it is that saith to thee, Give me to
drink; thou wouldest have asked of him, and he would have given thee
living water.
11 The woman saith unto him, Sir, thou hast nothing to draw with, and the
well is deep: from whence then hast thou that living water?
12 Art thou greater than our father Jacob, which gave us the well, and
drank thereof himself, and his children, and his cattle?
13 Jesus answered and said unto her, Whosoever drinketh of this water
shall thirst again:
14 But whosoever drinketh of the water that I shall give him shall never
thirst; but the water that I shall give him shall be in him a well of
water springing up into everlasting life.) [The above verses are the story
of the Samaritan woman at the well.] (John 7:37-38 In the last day, that
great day of the feast, Jesus stood and cried, saying, If any man thirst,
let him come unto me, and drink.
38 He that believeth on me, as the scripture hath said, out of his belly
shall flow rivers of living water.) Jesus is the water represented in the
feast of tabernacles in their pouring of the water ceremony.

Jesus is from everlasting. (Micah 5:2 But thou, Beth-lehem Ephratah,
though thou be little among the thousands of Judah, yet out of thee shall
he come forth unto me that is to be ruler in Israel; whose goings forth
have been from of old, from everlasting.) This same statement is said of
God. (Psalm 93:2 Thy throne is established of old: thou art from
everlasting.) and (Isaiah 63:16 Doubtless thou art our father, though
Abraham be ignorant of us, and Israel acknowledge us not: thou, O LORD,
art our father, our redeemer; thy name is from everlasting.)

God would be pierced by sinners. (Zechariah 12:10 And I will pour upon the
house of David, and upon the inhabitants of Jerusalem, the spirit of grace
and of supplications: and they shall look upon me whom they have pierced,
and they shall mourn for him, as one mourneth for his only son, and shall
be in bitterness for him, as one that is in bitterness for his firstborn.)
This prophecy was fulfilled by Jesus. (Psalm 22:16 For dogs have compassed
me: the assembly of the wicked have inclosed me: they pierced my hands and
my feet.) (John 19:33-37 But when they came to Jesus, and saw that he was
dead already, they brake not his legs:
34 But one of the soldiers with a spear pierced his side, and forthwith
came there out blood and water.
35 And he that saw it bare record, and his record is true: and he knoweth
that he saith true, that ye might believe.
36 For these things were done, that the scripture should be fulfilled, A
bone of him shall not be broken.
37 And again another scripture saith, They shall look on him whom they
pierced.) (Revelation 1:7 Behold, he cometh with clouds; and every eye
shall see him, and they also which pierced him: and all kindreds of the
earth shall wail because of him. Even so, Amen.)

Jesus had power over nature which only God can control when he walked on
water (Matthew 14:25 And in the fourth watch of the night Jesus went unto
them, walking on the sea.), (Mark 6:48-49 And he saw them toiling in
rowing; for the wind was contrary unto them: and about the fourth watch of
the night he cometh unto them, walking upon the sea, and would have passed
by them.
49 But when they saw him walking upon the sea, they supposed it had been a
spirit, and cried out:), and (John 6:19 So when they had rowed about five
and twenty or thirty furlongs, they see Jesus walking on the sea, and
drawing nigh unto the ship: and they were afraid.) and when Jesus calmed
the sea. (Luke 8:24 And they came to him, and awoke him, saying, Master,
master, we perish. Then he arose, and rebuked the wind and the raging of
the water: and they ceased, and there was a calm.) Jesus also cursed a
tree to make it die by speaking to it, something no mere man can do, only
God who made the tree. (Matthew 21:19-20 And when he saw a fig tree in the
way, he came to it, and found nothing thereon, but leaves only, and said
unto it, Let no fruit grow on thee henceforward for ever. And presently
the fig tree withered away.
20 And when the disciples saw it, they marvelled, saying, How soon is the
fig tree withered away!)

Jesus predicted in accurate detail his death, which no man can know.
(Matthew 16:21 ¶ From that time forth began Jesus to shew unto his
disciples, how that he must go unto Jerusalem, and suffer many things of
the elders and chief priests and scribes, and be killed, and be raised
again the third day.) and (Matthew 20:17-19 ¶ And Jesus going up to
Jerusalem took the twelve disciples apart in the way, and said unto them,
18 Behold, we go up to Jerusalem; and the Son of man shall be betrayed
unto the chief priests and unto the scribes, and they shall condemn him to
death,
19 And shall deliver him to the Gentiles to mock, and to scourge, and to
crucify him: and the third day he shall rise again.) This shows he is
omniscient. [All knowing. God knows everything, even before it happens.]

Jesus said (Matthew 18:20 For where two or three are gathered together in
my name, there am I in the midst of them.) (Midst means middle.) This
shows Jesus is omnipresent (everywhere at the same time) which only God is
and can be omnipresent.

Jesus includes himself in the Godhead (Holy Trinity) when he gives the
Great Commission. He is saying he is God by doing this. (Matthew 28:19-20
¶ Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of
the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost:
20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you:
and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.)

Jesus forgave sins which only God can do. Even the scribes knew this.
(Mark 2:5-12 When Jesus saw their faith, he said unto the sick of the
palsy, Son, thy sins be forgiven thee.
6 But there were certain of the scribes sitting there, and reasoning in
their hearts,
7 Why doth this man thus speak blasphemies? who can forgive sins but God
only?
8 And immediately when Jesus perceived in his spirit that they so reasoned
within themselves, he said unto them, Why reason ye these things in your
hearts?
9 Whether is it easier to say to the sick of the palsy, Thy sins be
forgiven thee; or to say, Arise, and take up thy bed, and walk?
10 But that ye may know that the Son of man hath power on earth to forgive
sins, (he saith to the sick of the palsy,)
11 I say unto thee, Arise, and take up thy bed, and go thy way into thine
house.
12 And immediately he arose, took up the bed, and went forth before them
all; insomuch that they were all amazed, and glorified God, saying, We
never saw it on this fashion.) and Luke 5:20-26 [man with palsy] (Luke
5:20-26 And when he saw their faith, he said unto him, Man, thy sins are
forgiven thee.
21 And the scribes and the Pharisees began to reason, saying, Who is this
which speaketh blasphemies? Who can forgive sins, but God alone?
22 But when Jesus perceived their thoughts, he answering said unto them,
What reason ye in your hearts?
23 Whether is easier, to say, Thy sins be forgiven thee; or to say, Rise
up and walk?
24 But that ye may know that the Son of man hath power upon earth to
forgive sins, (he said unto the sick of the palsy,) I say unto thee,
Arise, and take up thy couch, and go into thine house.
25 And immediately he rose up before them, and took up that whereon he
lay, and departed to his own house, glorifying God.
26 And they were all amazed, and they glorified God, and were filled with
fear, saying, We have seen strange things to day.) and Luke 7:48 [woman
who washed Jesus's feet with tears] Luke 7:48 And he said unto her, Thy
sins are forgiven.) There are other verses.

Simeon realizes that Jesus is his Salvation. (Luke 2:25-33 And, behold,
there was a man in Jerusalem, whose name was Simeon; and the same man was
just and devout, waiting for the consolation of Israel: and the Holy Ghost
was upon him.
26 And it was revealed unto him by the Holy Ghost, that he should not see
death, before he had seen the Lord's Christ.
27 And he came by the Spirit into the temple: and when the parents brought
in the child Jesus, to do for him after the custom of the law,
28 Then took he him up in his arms, and blessed God, and said,
29 Lord, now lettest thou thy servant depart in peace, according to thy
word:
30 For mine eyes have seen thy salvation,
31 Which thou hast prepared before the face of all people;
32 A light to lighten the Gentiles, and the glory of thy people Israel.
33 And Joseph and his mother marvelled at those things which were spoken
of him.) Salvation can only come from God. (Luke 2:11 For unto you is born
this day in the city of David a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord.) and
(Acts 4:12 Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none
other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved.) and
(Acts 16:30-31 And brought them out, and said, Sirs, what must I do to be
saved?
31 And they said, Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be
saved, and thy house.), (Jonah 2:9 But I will sacrifice unto thee with the
voice of thanksgiving; I will pay that that I have vowed. Salvation is of
the LORD.), and many other verses. Mary said her spirit rejoiced in "God
my Saviour". Mary recognized Jesus as God and her Saviour and her need for
a Saviour. (Luke 1:46-47 And Mary said, My soul doth magnify the Lord,
47 And my spirit hath rejoiced in God my Saviour.) [Mary needed to be
saved by Jesus just like everyone else despite what the Roman Catholics
teach that she was born without sin and is a co-redeemer.]

After Jesus raised the widow's son from the dead, the people said "That
God hath visited his people". (Luke 7:16 And there came a fear on all: and
they glorified God, saying, That a great prophet is risen up among us;
and, That God hath visited his people.)

At Jesus's trial before the chief priests and scribes prior to his death
on the cross, they asked him if he was the Son of God. Jesus responded by
saying "Ye say that I am". The Jews understood this to mean Jesus was
saying he was God. They said we need no further witnesses. The Jews
recognized when a man said he was the son of someone, he was the same as
his dad, thus they understood Jesus to be saying he was the same as God
the Father and thus God, therefore accusing him of blasphemy. Jesus is
God. (Luke 22:66-71 ¶ And as soon as it was day, the elders of the people
and the chief priests and the scribes came together, and led him into
their council, saying,
67 Art thou the Christ? tell us. And he said unto them, If I tell you, ye
will not believe:
68 And if I also ask you, ye will not answer me, nor let me go.
69 Hereafter shall the Son of man sit on the right hand of the power of
God.
70 Then said they all, Art thou then the Son of God? And he said unto
them, Ye say that I am.
71 And they said, What need we any further witness? for we ourselves have
heard of his own mouth.)

Jesus had power over his own death. He gave up his own spirit. No one took
his life. He gave it for us so we may have eternal life and salvation.
(Luke 23:46) (John 10:17-18)

The Word (Jesus) was in the beginning and made all things. "The Word was
God". (John 1:1) Only God is the Creator and can create something from
nothing. (John 1:1-4 In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with
God, and the Word was God.
2 The same was in the beginning with God.
3 All things were made by him; and without him was not any thing made that
was made.
4 In him was life; and the life was the light of men.) The Word was made
flesh (a man). [John 1:14 And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us,
(and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the
Father,) full of grace and truth.] Jesus as the Word that spoke the
universe into existence has always existed and always will. Only God has
always been. The universe did not come about by a big bang.

Jesus perceived (understood, read their mind) the thoughts of the scribes
and Pharisees who accused Jesus of blasphemy for forgiving sins. No man
can truly read another man's thoughts, only God can, not even Satan. (Luke
5:20-24 And when he saw their faith, he said unto him, Man, thy sins are
forgiven thee.
21 And the scribes and the Pharisees began to reason, saying, Who is this
which speaketh blasphemies? Who can forgive sins, but God alone?
22 But when Jesus perceived their thoughts, he answering said unto them,
What reason ye in your hearts?
23 Whether is easier, to say, Thy sins be forgiven thee; or to say, Rise
up and walk?
24 But that ye may know that the Son of man hath power upon earth to
forgive sins, (he said unto the sick of the palsy,) I say unto thee,
Arise, and take up thy couch, and go into thine house.) Jesus knew details
about Nathaniel that only as God he would know. (John 1:47-49 Jesus saw
Nathanael coming to him, and saith of him, Behold an Israelite indeed, in
whom is no guile!
48 Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and
said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the
fig tree, I saw thee.
49 Nathanael answered and saith unto him, Rabbi, thou art the Son of God;
thou art the King of Israel.). He also knew details about the Samaritan
women he would only know as God. (John 4:16-19 Jesus saith unto her, Go,
call thy husband, and come hither.
17 The woman answered and said, I have no husband. Jesus said unto her,
Thou hast well said, I have no husband:
18 For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy
husband: in that saidst thou truly.
19 The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.)
(John 4:29 Come, see a man, which told me all things that ever I did: is
not this the Christ?) This shows he is omniscient (all knowing, which only
God is).

Jesus said he is the "I Am". (John 8:58 Jesus said unto them, Verily,
verily, I say unto you, Before Abraham was, I am.) God told Moses he was I
AM THAT I AM. (Exodus 3:14 And God said unto Moses, I AM THAT I AM: and he
said, Thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, I AM hath sent me
unto you.) The Pharisees in John chapter 8 understood that Jesus was
saying that he was the God of Moses in the Old Testament. This is why they
wanted to crucify Jesus for blasphemy for claiming to be God. All seven of
the "I Am" statements made by Jesus in gospel of John are Jesus stating he
is God and the Pharisees understood the statements as such. These
statements also show Jesus has always been and was not created. Even
angels including Satan were created and have a beginning and have not
always existed.

John the Baptist in John 1 is speaking of the Word (Jesus) and then in
John 1:15, John says that Jesus was here before him. We know from the
story of the birth of Jesus and John the Baptist (Luke 1, especially Luke
1:36) that Jesus was born six months after John the Baptist, so how can
Jesus have been here before John unless he is God. John the Baptist knew
Jesus was God and was referring to his preincarnate existence and not his
birth as a man, just as David in Psalm 110:1 said Jesus was his LORD, yet
Jesus as a man came from the seed of David. (John 1:15 ¶ John bare witness
of him, and cried, saying, This was he of whom I spake, He that cometh
after me is preferred before me: for he was before me.) (Psalm 110:1 The
LORD said unto my Lord, Sit thou at my right hand, until I make thine
enemies thy footstool.) Jesus admitted this psalm was about him in Matthew
22:41-46 and thus he was admitting he was God. (Matthew 22:41-46 41 ¶
While the Pharisees were gathered together, Jesus asked them,
42 Saying, What think ye of Christ? whose son is he? They say unto him,
The Son of David.
43 He saith unto them, How then doth David in spirit call him Lord,
saying,
44 The LORD said unto my Lord, Sit thou on my right hand, till I make
thine enemies thy footstool?
45 If David then call him Lord, how is he his son?
46 And no man was able to answer him a word, neither durst any man from
that day forth ask him any more questions.)

Jesus said he will give Christians eternal life. Only God who is eternal
and the Creator can give eternal life. (John 10:28 And I give unto them
eternal life; and they shall never perish, neither shall any man pluck
them out of my hand.)

Jesus said "I and my Father are one". (John 10:30 I and my Father are
one.) The Jews response in John 10:33 was "that thou, being a man, makest
thyself God" in reference to Jesus. (John 10:33 The Jews answered him,
saying, For a good work we stone thee not; but for blasphemy; and because
that thou, being a man, makest thyself God.)

Jesus is the resurrection, and the life. (John 11:25 Jesus said unto her,
I am the resurrection, and the life: he that believeth in me, though he
were dead, yet shall he live:) Jesus had the power to resurrect himself.
Only God has this power.

Jesus said "he that hath seen me hath seen the Father". Jesus is saying he
and the Father are one. (John 14:9-11 Jesus saith unto him, Have I been so
long time with you, and yet hast thou not known me, Philip? he that hath
seen me hath seen the Father; and how sayest thou then, Shew us the
Father?
10 Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? the
words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the Father that
dwelleth in me, he doeth the works.
11 Believe me that I am in the Father, and the Father in me: or else
believe me for the very works' sake.)

God the Father shares his glory with Jesus. He will not share his glory
with man or angel or anything else (Isaiah 42:8 I am the LORD: that is my
name: and my glory will I not give to another, neither my praise to graven
images.) and (Isaiah 48:11 For mine own sake, even for mine own sake, will
I do it: for how should my name be polluted? and I will not give my glory
unto another.), but only Jesus since he is God. (John 17:5 And now, O
Father, glorify thou me with thine own self with the glory which I had
with thee before the world was.)

Thomas called Jesus "My Lord and my God" after seeing Jesus after his
resurrection. (John 20:28 And Thomas answered and said unto him, My Lord
and my God.) Jesus never rebuked Thomas for calling him God.

Jesus is the Rock of the Old Testament. (I Corinthians 10:4 And did all
drink the same spiritual drink: for they drank of that spiritual Rock that
followed them: and that Rock was Christ.) (Deuteronomy 32:4 He is the
Rock, his work is perfect: for all his ways are judgment: a God of truth
and without iniquity, just and right is he.) (Deuteronomy 32:15 ¶ But
Jeshurun waxed fat, and kicked: thou art waxen fat, thou art grown thick,
thou art covered with fatness; then he forsook God which made him, and
lightly esteemed the Rock of his salvation.) (Deuteronomy 32:18 Of the
Rock that begat thee thou art unmindful, and hast forgotten God that
formed thee.) (Jeremiah 1:4-5 Then the word of the LORD came unto me,
saying,
5 Before I formed thee in the belly I knew thee; and before thou camest
forth out of the womb I sanctified thee, and I ordained thee a prophet
unto the nations.) We see the LORD formed Jeremiah and the Rock also
formed people and the Rock is Jesus, thus he is the Creator. This also
shows Jesus is LORD. There are many other references.

Jesus in the "form of God thought it not robbery to be equal with God".
(Philippians 2:5-8 Let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ
Jesus:
6 Who, being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with
God:
7 But made himself of no reputation, and took upon him the form of a
servant, and was made in the likeness of men:
8 And being found in fashion as a man, he humbled himself, and became
obedient unto death, even the death of the cross.)

Every knee should bow, every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is Lord.
(Philippians 2:9-11 Wherefore God also hath highly exalted him, and given
him a name which is above every name:
10 That at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, of things in heaven,
and things in earth, and things under the earth;
11 And that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the
glory of God the Father.) (Romans 14:11-12 For it is written, As I live,
saith the Lord, every knee shall bow to me, and every tongue shall confess
to God.
12 So then every one of us shall give account of himself to God.) Isaiah
45:22-23 shows the person being bowed to is God. (Isaiah 45:21-23 Tell ye,
and bring them near; yea, let them take counsel together: who hath
declared this from ancient time? who hath told it from that time? have not
I the LORD? and there is no God else beside me; a just God and a Saviour;
there is none beside me.
22 Look unto me, and be ye saved, all the ends of the earth: for I am God,
and there is none else.
23 I have sworn by myself, the word is gone out of my mouth in
righteousness, and shall not return, That unto me every knee shall bow,
every tongue shall swear.)

"For in him (Jesus) dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead bodily".
(Colossians 2:9 For in him dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead
bodily.)

God was manifest (revealed to us, made obvious, made known to us) in the
flesh. (I Timothy 3:16 And without controversy great is the mystery of
godliness: God was manifest in the flesh, justified in the Spirit, seen of
angels, preached unto the Gentiles, believed on in the world, received up
into glory.)

Jesus is "the blessed and only Potentate, the King of kings, and Lord of
lords". (I Timothy 6:14-16 That thou keep this commandment without spot,
unrebukeable, until the appearing of our Lord Jesus Christ:
15 Which in his times he shall shew, who is the blessed and only
Potentate, the King of kings, and Lord of lords;
16 Who only hath immortality, dwelling in the light which no man can
approach unto; whom no man hath seen, nor can see: to whom be honour and
power everlasting. Amen.) If Jesus is the only Potentate, then he must be
omnipotent as shown in Revelation where "the Lord God omnipotent
reigneth". (Revelation 19:6 And I heard as it were the voice of a great
multitude, and as the voice of many waters, and as the voice of mighty
thunderings, saying, Alleluia: for the Lord God omnipotent reigneth.) This
shows Jesus is omnipotent (all powerful) which only God is.

We are to look for "the glorious appearing of the great God and our
Saviour Jesus Christ". This verse says Jesus is God. (Titus 2:13 Looking
for that blessed hope, and the glorious appearing of the great God and our
Saviour Jesus Christ;)

Another verse showing our Saviour who is Jesus is also God. (Titus 3:4 But
after that the kindness and love of God our Saviour toward man appeared,)

God the Father said Jesus "Who being the brightness of his (God's) glory,
and the express image of his (God) person". (Hebrews 1:1-4 God, who at
sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by
the prophets,
2 Hath in these last days spoken unto us by his Son, whom he hath
appointed heir of all things, by whom also he made the worlds;
3 Who being the brightness of his glory, and the express image of his
person, and upholding all things by the word of his power, when he had by
himself purged our sins, sat down on the right hand of the Majesty on
high;
4 Being made so much better than the angels, as he hath by inheritance
obtained a more excellent name than they.) We see Jesus is "better than
the angels". He is the Creator, not the archangel Michael before his
coming to earth as taught by the Jehovah's Witnesses.

God the Father said unto the Son (Jesus) "Thy throne, O God, is for ever
and ever:". (Hebrews 1:8 But unto the Son he saith, Thy throne, O
God, is for ever and ever: a sceptre of righteousness is the sceptre of
thy kingdom.
9 Thou hast loved righteousness, and hated iniquity; therefore
God, even thy God, hath anointed thee with the oil of gladness above thy
fellows.
10 And, Thou, Lord, in the beginning hast laid the foundation of the
earth; and the heavens are the works of thine hands:) (Psalm 45:6-8 Thy
throne, O God, is for ever and ever: the sceptre of thy kingdom is a right
sceptre.
7 Thou lovest righteousness, and hatest wickedness: therefore God, thy
God, hath anointed thee with the oil of gladness above thy fellows.
8 All thy garments smell of myrrh, and aloes, and cassia, out of the ivory
palaces, whereby they have made thee glad.) (Psalm 45:6-7 are quoted in
Hebrews 1:8-9) God the Father was calling Jesus God and Lord. No more
proof needed.

Jesus was born without sin and never committed any sins. He remained
sinless even in death, so he could be our Saviour. Only God could never
sin, no person could ever live and never sin. (Hebrews 4:8 For we have not
an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our
infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without
sin.) (Hebrews 9:28 So Christ was once offered to bear the sins of many;
and unto them that look for him shall he appear the second time without
sin unto salvation.) and (II Corinthians 5:21 For he hath made him to be
sin for us, who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of
God in him.)

Jesus as God has authority over angels. Man does not. We will in the
future, but right now they are higher than people. This also shows he is
King and Lord. Jesus has a throne as seen above. (I Peter 3:22 Who is gone
into heaven, and is on the right hand of God; angels and authorities and
powers being made subject unto him.)

John 8:12 and John 9:5 says Jesus is the light of the world.(John 8:12 ¶
Then spake Jesus again unto them, saying, I am the light of the world: he
that followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of
life.) and (John 9:5 As long as I am in the world, I am the light of the
world.) I John 1:5 says God is light. (I John 1:5 This then is the message
which we have heard of him, and declare unto you, that God is light, and
in him is no darkness at all.) Jesus is the light represented in the feast
of tabernacles in the ceremony of the festival of lights. This light is
supposed to represent the Shekinah Glory of God. That light is Jesus.

Jesus is the true God who provides eternal life. (I John 5:20 And we know
that the Son of God is come, and hath given us an understanding, that we
may know him that is true, and we are in him that is true, even in his Son
Jesus Christ. This is the true God, and eternal life.)

Jesus says he is the "Alpha and Omega, the Almighty". Only God is the
Almighty. We also see in these verses that Jesus has always been. He is
self-existent. Jesus never had a beginning and he will never have an
ending. Jesus is eternal. (Revelation 1:8 I am Alpha and Omega, the
beginning and the ending, saith the Lord, which is, and which was, and
which is to come, the Almighty.) and (Revelation 1:11 Saying, I am Alpha
and Omega, the first and the last: and, What thou seest, write in a book,
and send it unto the seven churches which are in Asia; unto Ephesus, and
unto Smyrna, and unto Pergamos, and unto Thyatira, and unto Sardis, and
unto Philadelphia, and unto Laodicea.) and (Revelation 1:17-18 And when I
saw him, I fell at his feet as dead. And he laid his right hand upon me,
saying unto me, Fear not; I am the first and the last:
18 I am he that liveth, and was dead; and, behold, I am alive for
evermore, Amen; and have the keys of hell and of death.) When was God
dead. This was when Jesus who is God died on the cross for the sins of all
mankind, was buried and rose again alive on the third day and is seated at
the right hand of God the Father. These verses clearly are about Jesus who
is the Alpha and Omega, the Almighty, the first and the last.

Jesus is the Word of God. The King James Bible is the verbal, plenary
inspired, inerrant, infallible, preserved word of God. (Revelation 19:13
And he was clothed with a vesture dipped in blood: and his name is called
The Word of God.)

John 1:29 shows the Lamb is Jesus. Revelation 22:1 shows the Lamb is God.
Many verses in Revelation show the Lamb is both Jesus and God. (John 1:29
¶ The next day John seeth Jesus coming unto him, and saith, Behold the
Lamb of God, which taketh away the sin of the world.) (Revelation 22:1 And
he shewed me a pure river of water of life, clear as crystal, proceeding
out of the throne of God and of the Lamb.)

Many other verses show Jesus is God. Jesus has many attributes, titles, et
cetera that only God has. Jesus always cast out devils in his own name.
The many special miracles of creation such as the bread and fishes and
water into wine are something only God can do. The Old Testament parallels
match God. Jehovah in the Old Testament matches Jesus in the New
Testament. Many other facts show Jesus is God.

All shall bow before Jesus. (Philippians 2:10 That at the name of Jesus
every knee should bow, of things in heaven, and things in earth, and
things under the earth;) [This includes all males and females who ever
lived as well as angels {holy and unholy including Satan himself} and
others in heaven]

JESUS IS OMNISCIENT (All knowing. He knows everything, the past, present,
and future. Nothing gets by him or surprises him. This only describes
God.) (Does not show all verses.)

Jesus knew Nathaniel had been sitting under a fig tree when Philip found
him and told him he had found the prophet Moses had written about
(Messiah). (John 1:43-51 ¶ The day following Jesus would go forth into
Galilee, and findeth Philip, and saith unto him, Follow me.
44 Now Philip was of Bethsaida, the city of Andrew and Peter.
45 Philip findeth Nathanael, and saith unto him, We have found him, of
whom Moses in the law, and the prophets, did write, Jesus of Nazareth, the
son of Joseph.
46 And Nathanael said unto him, Can there any good thing come out of
Nazareth? Philip saith unto him, Come and see.
47 Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him, and saith of him, Behold an
Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile!
48 Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and
said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the
fig tree, I saw thee.
49 Nathanael answered and saith unto him, Rabbi, thou art the Son of God;
thou art the King of Israel.
50 Jesus answered and said unto him, Because I said unto thee, I saw thee
under the fig tree, believest thou? thou shalt see greater things than
these.
51 And he saith unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Hereafter ye
shall see heaven open, and the angels of God ascending and descending upon
the Son of man.)

Jesus also knew he would be betrayed by Judas Iscariot. (John 6:70-71
Jesus answered them, Have not I chosen you twelve, and one of you is a
devil?
71 He spake of Judas Iscariot the son of Simon: for he it was that should
betray him, being one of the twelve.) (John 13:21-27 When Jesus had thus
said, he was troubled in spirit, and testified, and said, Verily, verily,
I say unto you, that one of you shall betray me.
22 Then the disciples looked one on another, doubting of whom he spake.
23 Now there was leaning on Jesus' bosom one of his disciples, whom Jesus
loved.
24 Simon Peter therefore beckoned to him, that he should ask who it should
be of whom he spake.
25 He then lying on Jesus' breast saith unto him, Lord, who is it?
26 Jesus answered, He it is, to whom I shall give a sop, when I have
dipped it. And when he had dipped the sop, he gave it to Judas Iscariot,
the son of Simon.
27 And after the sop Satan entered into him. Then said Jesus unto him,
That thou doest, do quickly.)

Jesus knew Lazarus was dead without being there. (John 11:11-15 These
things said he: and after that he saith unto them, Our friend Lazarus
sleepeth; but I go, that I may awake him out of sleep.
12 Then said his disciples, Lord, if he sleep, he shall do well.
13 Howbeit Jesus spake of his death: but they thought that he had spoken
of taking of rest in sleep.
14 Then said Jesus unto them plainly, Lazarus is dead.
15 And I am glad for your sakes that I was not there, to the intent ye may
believe; nevertheless let us go unto him.)

Jesus knew the fish would have a coin in it to pay the tribute money for
him and Peter. (Matthew 17:27 Notwithstanding, lest we should offend them,
go thou to the sea, and cast an hook, and take up the fish that first
cometh up; and when thou hast opened his mouth, thou shalt find a piece of
money: that take, and give unto them for me and thee.)

Jesus knew the thoughts of the scribes and Pharisees who accused him of
blasphemy for forgiving sins, which only God can do. Let this be a
reminder to Roman Catholic priests who think they can forgive sins. They
cannot and are not God as Jesus is. (Matthew 9:4 And Jesus knowing their
thoughts said, Wherefore think ye evil in your hearts?) (Luke 5:22 But
when Jesus perceived their thoughts, he answering said unto them, What
reason ye in your hearts?)

Jesus knew the thoughts of the Pharisees when they watched to see if Jesus
would heal on the sabbath. (Luke 6:8 But he knew their thoughts, and said
to the man which had the withered hand, Rise up, and stand forth in the
midst. And he arose and stood forth.)

Jesus knew the thoughts of the Pharisees when they said he cast out devils
by Beelzebub (Satan). (Matthew 12:25 And Jesus knew their thoughts, and
said unto them, Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to
desolation; and every city or house divided against itself shall not
stand:) (Luke 11:17 But he, knowing their thoughts, said unto them, Every
kingdom divided against itself is brought to desolation; and a house
divided against a house falleth.)

Only God can read people's thoughts, not even Satan can do that. Jesus can
because he is God, Satan is not.

JESUS IS OMNIPOTENT (All powerful. He cannot be defeated. Only God can fit
this description.) (Does not show all verses.)

We see in Genesis that God created the heaven and the earth and then we
see Jesus created all things, showing he is God. Only God can create from
nothing. (Genesis 1:1 In the beginning God created the heaven and the
earth.) (Colossians 1:15-17 Who is the image of the invisible God, the
firstborn of every creature:
16 For by him were all things created, that are in heaven, and that are in
earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones, or dominions, or
principalities, or powers: all things were created by him, and for him:
17 And he is before all things, and by him all things consist.)

Jesus has power over the wind and storms. (Luke 8:24 And they came to him,
and awoke him, saying, Master, master, we perish. Then he arose, and
rebuked the wind and the raging of the water: and they ceased, and there
was a calm.) (Also Matthew 8:26, Mark 4:39 and Psalm 107:29)

JESUS IS OMNIPRESENT (Is everywhere at once. Only God can do that. Even
Satan as a created being can only be in one place at a time.) (Not all
verses are shown where this is seen.)

Jesus was in heaven at the same time he was on earth talking with
Nicodemus about eternal life. (John 3:13 And no man hath ascended up to
heaven, but he that came down from heaven, even the Son of man which is in
heaven.)

Jesus is with believers all over the world gathered in his name. Only God
can be in all these places at once. (Matthew 18:20 For where two or three
are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them.)

Jesus indwells all true believers. (John 14:18-20 I will not leave you
comfortless: I will come to you.
19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me:
because I live, ye shall live also.
20 At that day ye shall know that I am in my Father, and ye in me, and I
in you.)

Jesus was praying to God the Father and said himself that he would live in
us. If in all believers everywhere at one time, he must be omnipresent and
be God. Jesus is God. (John 17:23 I in them, and thou in me, that they may
be made perfect in one; and that the world may know that thou hast sent
me, and hast loved them, as thou hast loved me.)

Jesus indwells all believers in the world at the same time. Jesus lives in
all true believers. (Galations 2:20 I am crucified with Christ:
nevertheless I live; yet not I, but Christ liveth in me: and the life
which I now live in the flesh I live by the faith of the Son of God, who
loved me, and gave himself for me.)

PREINCARNATE APPEARANCES OF JESUS (These are appearances of Jesus in the
Old Testament usually in the form of a man as the angel of the LORD or
just the LORD, but sometimes in other forms, prior to his coming to earth
in Bethlehem as God in the flesh. Also known as Theophanies meaning
appearance of God or sometimes Christophanies meaning appearance of
Christ. We know from John 1:1 that Jesus has always been and has always
existed. We know all earthly appearances were Jesus as we are told no man
has seen the Father. [John 1:18 No man hath seen God at any time; the only
begotten Son, which is in the bosom of the Father, he hath declared him.]
This is referring to no man has seen God the Father, but only God the Son,
his Son who is Jesus. Jesus appeared in visions and dreams and was with
the Israelites in the wilderness as a cloud by day and a pillar of fire by
night. These verses show the LORD is God and we know Jesus is the LORD and
therefore God.) (Not all appearances are listed. There are many more.)

I believe the first preincarnate appearance of Jesus was in the garden of
Eden when Jesus called to Adam and Eve after they sinned. (Genesis 3:8-9
And they heard the voice of the LORD God walking in the garden in the cool
of the day: and Adam and his wife hid themselves from the presence of the
LORD God amongst the trees of the garden.
9 And the LORD God called unto Adam, and said unto him, Where art thou?)

Jesus appeared to Abram and promised him the Promised Land. (Genesis 12:7
And the LORD appeared unto Abram, and said, Unto thy seed will I give this
land: and there builded he an altar unto the LORD, who appeared unto him.)

Jesus appeared to Abram as Melchizedek. Hebrews chapters 5 and 7 confirm
Melchizedek was Jesus. (Genesis 14:18-20 And Melchizedek king of Salem
brought forth bread and wine: and he was the priest of the most high God.
19 And he blessed him, and said, Blessed be Abram of the most high God,
possessor of heaven and earth:
20 And blessed be the most high God, which hath delivered thine enemies
into thy hand. And he gave him tithes of all.)

Jesus makes a covenant with Abram and changes his name to Abraham. These
verses clearly show the LORD is God and we know this was Jesus. (Genesis
17:1-3 And when Abram was ninety years old and nine, the LORD appeared to
Abram, and said unto him, I am the Almighty God; walk before me, and be
thou perfect.
2 And I will make my covenant between me and thee, and will multiply thee
exceedingly.
3 And Abram fell on his face: and God talked with him, saying,)

Jesus as the angel of the LORD and two angels appeared to Abraham just
before he destroyed Sodom. (Genesis 18:1-3 And the LORD appeared unto him
in the plains of Mamre: and he sat in the tent door in the heat of the
day; 2 And he lift up his eyes and looked, and, lo, three men stood by
him: and when he saw them, he ran to meet them from the tent door, and
bowed himself toward the ground, 3 And said, My Lord, if now I have found
favour in thy sight, pass not away, I pray thee, from thy servant:)
(Genesis 18:33 And the LORD went his way, as soon as he had left communing
with Abraham: and Abraham returned unto his place.) We clearly see it was
the LORD. He was Jesus who talked with Abraham.

The LORD appeared to Isaac. (Genesis 26:2 And the LORD appeared unto him,
and said, Go not down into Egypt; dwell in the land which I shall tell
thee of:)

God appears to Jacob when he ran away from Esau. Jacob wrestled with
Jesus. Jacob's name was changed to Israel. (Genesis 32:24 ¶ And Jacob was
left alone; and there wrestled a man with him until the breaking of the
day.) (Genesis 32:30 And Jacob called the name of the place Peniel: for I
have seen God face to face, and my life is preserved.) (Genesis 35:9 ¶ And
God appeared unto Jacob again, when he came out of Padan-aram, and blessed
him.) This last verse was when God (Jesus) appeared to Jacob in Bethel.

Jesus appeared to Moses in a burning bush. Moses could most likely see
Jesus in the fire and not just fire. (Exodus 3:2 And the angel of the LORD
appeared unto him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush: and he
looked, and, behold, the bush burned with fire, and the bush was not
consumed.)

Jesus appeared to Baalam when he went to Moab to curse Israel and his ass
talked. (Numbers 22:31-32 Then the LORD opened the eyes of Balaam, and he
saw the angel of the LORD standing in the way, and his sword drawn in his
hand: and he bowed down his head, and fell flat on his face. 32 And the
angel of the LORD said unto him, Wherefore hast thou smitten thine ass
these three times? behold, I went out to withstand thee, because thy way
is perverse before me:)

Jesus appeared as a cloud to Moses and Joshua in the tabernacle shortly
before Moses died and transferred leadership to Joshua. (Deuteronomy
31:14-15 ¶ And the LORD said unto Moses, Behold, thy days approach that
thou must die: call Joshua, and present yourselves in the tabernacle of
the congregation, that I may give him a charge. And Moses and Joshua went,
and presented themselves in the tabernacle of the congregation.
15 And the LORD appeared in the tabernacle in a pillar of a cloud: and the
pillar of the cloud stood over the door of the tabernacle.)

Jesus appeared to Gideon. (Judges 6:21 Then the angel of the LORD put
forth the end of the staff that was in his hand, and touched the flesh and
the unleavened cakes; and there rose up fire out of the rock, and consumed
the flesh and the unleavened cakes. Then the angel of the LORD departed
out of his sight.)

Jesus appeared to Manoah and his wife, the parents of Samson. (Judges
13:21-22 But the angel of the LORD did no more appear to Manoah and to his
wife. Then Manoah knew that he was an angel of the LORD.
22 And Manoah said unto his wife, We shall surely die, because we have
seen God.)

The LORD appeared to Samuel. (I Samuel 3:10 And the LORD came, and stood,
and called as at other times, Samuel, Samuel. Then Samuel answered, Speak;
for thy servant heareth.) (I Samuel 3:21 And the LORD appeared again in
Shiloh: for the LORD revealed himself to Samuel in Shiloh by the word of
the LORD.)

Jesus was in the fiery furnace with the three Hebrews, Shadrach, Meshach,
and Abednego. (Daniel 3:24-25 Then Nebuchadnezzar the king was astonied,
and rose up in haste, and spake, and said unto his counsellors, Did not we
cast three men bound into the midst of the fire? They answered and said
unto the king, True, O king.
25 He answered and said, Lo, I see four men loose, walking in the midst of
the fire, and they have no hurt; and the form of the fourth is like the
Son of God.) This was Jesus despite attempts by false bibles to remove
Jesus and replace with a son of the gods.

JESUS IS LORD

We saw in some of the above verses especially in the preincarnate
appearances that the LORD who appeared to people in the Old Testament was
none other than Jesus himself. Jesus always spoke with authority and under
his own authority. Jesus never said "Thus saith the LORD" as the prophets
did. Jesus is the LORD speaking. (Not all verses showing Jesus is Lord are
shown. There are many more.)

This verse has the same titles as given to Jesus. (Deuteronomy 10:17 For
the LORD your God is God of gods, and Lord of lords, a great God, a
mighty, and a terrible, which regardeth not persons, nor taketh reward:)

We know Jesus is Lord of lords, so another verse from the Old Testament
confirming his deity as he was before becoming a man in the flesh. (Psalm
136:3 O give thanks to the Lord of lords: for his mercy endureth for
ever.)

(Luke 24:3 And they entered in, and found not the body of the Lord Jesus.)

(Acts 7:59 And they stoned Stephen, calling upon God, and saying, Lord
Jesus, receive my spirit.)

(Acts 16:31 And they said, Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou
shalt be saved, and thy house.)

(Romans 10:9 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and
shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou
shalt be saved.)

(I Corinthians 5:4 In the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, when ye are
gathered together, and my spirit, with the power of our Lord Jesus
Christ,)

(I Corinthians 15:57 But thanks be to God, which giveth us the victory
through our Lord Jesus Christ.)

We see Jesus is God the Son and Lord. (II Corinthians 1:3 Blessed be God,
even the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of mercies, and the
God of all comfort;)

All will acknowledge someday that Jesus is Lord. Will you do it willing
with Jesus as your Saviour or will Jesus be your Judge? I pray he will be
your Saviour. See
what-must-i-do-to-be-saved-have-eternal-life-and-go-to-heaven/
(Philippians 2:11 And that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ
is Lord, to the glory of God the Father.)

(I Thessalonians 2:15 Who both killed the Lord Jesus, and their own
prophets, and have persecuted us; and they please not God, and are
contrary to all men:)

Jesus as Lord has angels under his authority. (II Thessalonians 1:7 And to
you who are troubled rest with us, when the Lord Jesus shall be revealed
from heaven with his mighty angels,)

(I Timothy 6:15 Which in his times he shall shew, who is the blessed and
only Potentate, the King of kings, and Lord of lords;) [Note in the King
James Bible, King is only capitalized for Jesus as he is King of kings.
Only four exceptions exist for when the word starts a sentence or quote,
and all words including and are capitalized in these cases. The false
bibles capitalize king for earthly kings. Wrong. Heretical in my opinion
by demoting Jesus a member of the Godhead.]

(Titus 1:4 To Titus, mine own son after the common faith: Grace, mercy,
and peace, from God the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ our Saviour.)

(Hebrews 1:10 And, Thou, Lord, in the beginning hast laid the foundation
of the earth; and the heavens are the works of thine hands:) God the
Father is calling Jesus Lord and also showing he is the Creator.

(James 2:1 My brethren, have not the faith of our Lord Jesus Christ, the
Lord of glory, with respect of persons.)

(I Peter 1:3 Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, which
according to his abundant mercy hath begotten us again unto a lively hope
by the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead,)

(II Peter 3:18 But grow in grace, and in the knowledge of our Lord and
Saviour Jesus Christ. To him be glory both now and for ever. Amen.)

(II John 1:3 Grace be with you, mercy, and peace, from God the Father, and
from the Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of the Father, in truth and love.)

(Jude 4 For there are certain men crept in unawares, who were before of
old ordained to this condemnation, ungodly men, turning the grace of our
God into lasciviousness, and denying the only Lord God, and our Lord Jesus
Christ.)

(Jude 21 Keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the mercy of our
Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life.)

We know from John 1:29 and John 1:36 that Jesus is the Lamb. (John 1:36
And looking upon Jesus as he walked, he saith, Behold the Lamb of God!)
(Revelation 17:14 These shall make war with the Lamb, and the Lamb shall
overcome them: for he is Lord of lords, and King of kings: and they that
are with him are called, and chosen, and faithful.)

We know from the previous verses in Revelation 19 that this verse is
referring to Jesus. (Revelation 19:16 And he hath on his vesture and on
his thigh a name written, KING OF KINGS, AND LORD OF LORDS.)

Jesus is coming back soon. Are you ready? (Revelation 22:20 He which
testifieth these things saith, Surely I come quickly. Amen. Even so, come,
Lord Jesus.)

Scripture opens and closes showing us Jesus is God and Lord. (Revelation
22:21 The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.)

JESUS TRANSFIGURED

Jesus was transfigured in all his glory before Peter, James, and John. No
mere man can do that. (Matthew 17:1-9 And after six days Jesus taketh
Peter, James, and John his brother, and bringeth them up into an high
mountain apart,
2 And was transfigured before them: and his face did shine as the sun, and
his raiment was white as the light.
3 And, behold, there appeared unto them Moses and Elias talking with him.
4 Then answered Peter, and said unto Jesus, Lord, it is good for us to be
here: if thou wilt, let us make here three tabernacles; one for thee, and
one for Moses, and one for Elias.
5 While he yet spake, behold, a bright cloud overshadowed them: and behold
a voice out of the cloud, which said, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am
well pleased; hear ye him.
6 And when the disciples heard it, they fell on their face, and were sore
afraid.
7 And Jesus came and touched them, and said, Arise, and be not afraid.
8 And when they had lifted up their eyes, they saw no man, save Jesus
only.
9 And as they came down from the mountain, Jesus charged them, saying,
Tell the vision to no man, until the Son of man be risen again from the
dead.) (Mark 9:2-10 ¶ And after six days Jesus taketh with him Peter, and
James, and John, and leadeth them up into an high mountain apart by
themselves: and he was transfigured before them.
3 And his raiment became shining, exceeding white as snow; so as no fuller
on earth can white them.
4 And there appeared unto them Elias with Moses: and they were talking
with Jesus.
5 And Peter answered and said to Jesus, Master, it is good for us to be
here: and let us make three tabernacles; one for thee, and one for Moses,
and one for Elias.
6 For he wist not what to say; for they were sore afraid.
7 And there was a cloud that overshadowed them: and a voice came out of
the cloud, saying, This is my beloved Son: hear him.
8 And suddenly, when they had looked round about, they saw no man any
more, save Jesus only with themselves.
9 And as they came down from the mountain, he charged them that they
should tell no man what things they had seen, till the Son of man were
risen from the dead.
10 And they kept that saying with themselves, questioning one with another
what the rising from the dead should mean.)

GODHEAD

Jesus is recognized as part of the Godhead (Trinity). Jesus included
himself as a member of the Godhead in the Great Commission. Jesus as the
Son is God. Jesus is not a lesser god as taught by cults. Jesus is equal
with God the Father and the Holy Ghost, all members of the Godhead. All
are God and all are equal. There is one God in three persons.

(Matthew 28:19-20 ¶ Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them
in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost:
20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you:
and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.)

Jesus says in verse 36 of John 10 that he is the Son of God, again
including himself in the Godhead, saying he is God. In verse 30 Jesus also
includes himself as God by saying he is equal with God the Father. The
Jews understood this. Jesus said if angels and people can be gods as
quoted from (Psalm 82:6 I have said, Ye are gods; and all of you are
children of the most High.), then how can they accuse him of blaspheme
when he says he is God. (John 10:30-36 (I and my Father are one.
31 Then the Jews took up stones again to stone him.
32 Jesus answered them, Many good works have I shewed you from my Father;
for which of those works do ye stone me?
33 The Jews answered him, saying, For a good work we stone thee not; but
for blasphemy; and because that thou, being a man, makest thyself God.
34 Jesus answered them, Is it not written in your law, I said, Ye are
gods?
35 If he called them gods, unto whom the word of God came, and the
scripture cannot be broken;
36 Say ye of him, whom the Father hath sanctified, and sent into the
world, Thou blasphemest; because I said, I am the Son of God?)

This is the best verse in scripture showing the Godhead. Most bibles
remove it, since Satan does not want people knowing Jesus is God and part
of the Godhead. This verse clearly shows Jesus as the Word is equal as God
as a part of the Godhead with God the Father and the Holy Ghost. All are
God. One God in three persons. (I John 5:7 For there are three that bear
record in heaven, the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost: and these
three are one.)

Many false cults such as Jehovah's Witnesses and the Mormons [Church
of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints] claim that Jesus was created and
then created everything else. Jesus is the Creator. The ancient Jews
recognized when it said firstborn that that was saying he has the
attributes of God the Father, not saying he was created. This is why the
Jews wanted to crucify Jesus for what they thought was blasphemy as Jesus
claiming to be God. He could because he is God. In scripture, Jesus as the
firstborn such as (Colossians 1:15 Who is the image of the invisible God,
the firstborn of every creature:) and (Colossians 1:18 And he is the head
of the body, the church: who is the beginning, the firstborn from the
dead; that in all things he might have the preeminence.) does not mean
Jesus was created. It only means Jesus is preeminent or first in rank over
his creation or his half siblings (true born again believing Christians)
who are also sons of God as was Adam, though we are only adopted. Jesus is
the Son of God. Many cults deny the deity of God or minimize his position
and authority. The Jehovah's Witnesses believe Jesus was created and was
originally the archangel Michael of the Old Testament prior to coming to
earth as a man and becoming Jesus. They deny the deity of Jesus. They
believe Jesus as a created god, then created all other things. The Mormons
also believe Jesus was created and that he was the spirit brother of
Lucifer with Jesus being the first born and then Lucifer with all other
angels and people following. When God asked for one to become the Saviour
of man, both Jesus and Lucifer offered to be the Saviour of mankind. God
chose Jesus and this caused Lucifer to rebel and become Satan. Mormons
believe Jesus was created first and then created everything else. Mormons
believe Jesus is a god, but not the living God. They also believe people
can become equal gods with Jesus. The Roman Catholics try to make Mary a
co-redeemer with Jesus. Mary is elevated above Jesus in the Roman Catholic
Church and say she also was born without sin and helps intercede for
people. That is what Jesus does, not Mary. The Muslims say Jesus was a
prophet and born of a virgin and the only one that performed miracles,
including their supposedly greatest prophet Mohammed who did no miracles,
but they deny Jesus is God. There are other cults and false religions that
deny Jesus is God. They all will find out someday when they stand before
Jesus at the great white throne judgment.

It is clearly shown from scripture as seen above that Jesus Christ is
God and Lord. The proof has been presented before you. God the Father
himself says Jesus is God and his Son in several verses shown above. No
more proof needed. What you choose to do with that proof is up to you. Now
the choice is yours to make with what you do with it. My prayer is that
all who read this will call upon the Lord Jesus Christ and be saved and
recognize Jesus as their Lord and God.

Search for: _____________________  [ Search ]

Recent Comments

Archives

Categories

• No categories

Meta

• Log in
• Entries feed
• Comments feed
• WordPress.org

Created my free logo at LogoMakr.com

Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Copyright (c) 2024 Jesus is God and Lord Ministries | Credits
Powered by Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

