Link: profile
Link: dns-prefetch
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Feed (alternate)
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Comments Feed (alternate)
Link: preconnect
Link: preconnect
Link: https://api.w.org/
Link: alternate
Link: RSD (EditURI)
Link: canonical
Link: shortlink
Link: alternate
Link: alternate
Skip to content
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Ye Must Be Born Again

Main Menu

• HOME
• STORE
• ABOUT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD MINISTRIES
• BELIEFS
• CONTACT
• KING JAMES BIBLE TO READ AND LISTEN TO
• KING JAMES BIBLE WORDS AND PHRASES DEFINED
• WHY WE MUST BE BORN AGAIN
• WHAT MUST I DO TO BE SAVED (BE BORN AGAIN), HAVE ETERNAL LIFE AND GO
TO HEAVEN?
• NOW THAT I AM A BORN AGAIN CHRISTIAN, HOW DO I GROW (MATURE)?
• PROOF THAT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD
• SERMONS AND SCRIPTURE LESSONSMenu Toggle

• 3:16 Verses
• Abraham the obedient father and type of God the Father
• According to the word of the LORD
• Alleged Contradictions in Scripture
• Angels and spiritual beings
• Animals Teaching Man  
• Be like Jesus
• Be Thankful
• Bread in Scripture
• Christian Martyrs for Jesus
• Colors in Scripture
• Curse Israel and you will be cursed
• Dangers of Calvinism
• Deadliest battles in scripture
• Deserts in scripture and in our lives
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism
• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freedom and Liberty come from God
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise
• From the resurrection to the ascension
• Genealogies of Jesus
• Gifts of the Holy Ghost
• God is Light
• God is Love
• God the Holy Ghost
• Halloween and the connection to Satan
• Honour Thy Mother
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus is the door that all must enter for everlasting life
• Jesus is the Light of the World and Christians Should Reflect
that Light
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jesus versus Mohammad
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Jonah
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Jude
• Malachi   
• Martyrs in the Lord's Army
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Nahum
• Nehemiah 3 and the ten gates of the Jerusalem wall
• Obadiah
• Our Nation Was Founded Upon God
• Philemon
• Prayer
• Pre-incarnate Appearances of Jesus (Theophanies)
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Proof that Jesus is God
• Prophecies Fulfilled by Jesus at his First Coming
• Prophecies of the Second Coming of Jesus
• Psalm 23
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines
• Santa is Satan and his little elves are devils
• Serve in the Lord's Army
• Seven Vial Judgments of Revelation
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  
• Star of Bethlehem
• Thankful people in scripture  
• The Battle of Gog and Magog
• The Books of God
• The Crucifixion of Jesus
• The Egyptian gods and goddesses of the ten plagues and their
judgment and defeat by the God of gods
• The Exodus   
• The Good Samaritan
• The Gospel in Stone
• The Gospel in the Stars
• The Greatest Father Anyone Can Have And Everyone Needs
• The Handwriting of God
• The Illegal Trial of Jesus
• The King James Bible Built-in Dictionary
• The Miracles at the Crucifixion of Jesus
• The New Year's resolutions that need to be kept
• The Number Seven in Scripture
• The Number Three in Scripture  
• The Riotous Son
• The True Creationism of the Scriptures versus False Theories
• The Unscriptural Flat Earth Theory
• The Unscriptural Lucifer Flood  
• The Widow Woman and the Oil  
• The Word Became Flesh
• Types of the Holy Ghost in scripture
• Was Jesus born on Christmas?
• Was Jesus Crucified on Friday?
• Water in Scripture
• Weather in scripture
• Who are the sons of God of Genesis 6?
• Work is from God
• Worshipping God in psalms, hymns, and spiritual songs
• Zephaniah

• VIDEOS
• HYMNS
• FOR PRECIOUS JEWISH SOULSMenu Toggle

• Meet the Jewish Messiah
• False Religion of Judaism
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  

• FOR PRECIOUS ROMAN CATHOLIC SOULSMenu Toggle

• False Doctrines of Roman Catholicism
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• CULTSMenu Toggle

• Roman CatholicismMenu Toggle

• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism

• FALSE RELIGIONSMenu Toggle

• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise

• RECOMMENDED BOOKS FOR READING
• LINKS
• CHECKOUT
• New items are available in the store for purchase.

0

Weather in scripture

Weather is a topic that is mentioned quite often in scripture. I
dedicate this sermon to my mom who has always been interested in the
weather. Scripture talks about floods, droughts, storms, snow and ice,
rain, clouds, and much more and shows how God is even in control of the
weather just as he is in everything else in life. We are going to look at
just some of what scripture has to say about weather. The books of Job and
Psalms have the most references to weather.  

Genesis 2:5-6 are the first verses that mention weather. They show
how prior to the flood there was no rain upon the earth, but rather God
watered the ground with a mist that came up from the earth. (Genesis 2:5-6
5 And every plant of the field before it was in the earth, and every herb
of the field before it grew: for the LORD God had not caused it to rain
upon the earth, and there was not a man to till the ground.
6 But there went up a mist from the earth, and watered the whole face of
the ground.) The next occasion is of the Genesis flood in Genesis 6:17.
(Genesis 6:17 And, behold, I, even I, do bring a flood of waters upon the
earth, to destroy all flesh, wherein is the breath of life, from under
heaven; and every thing that is in the earth shall die.) Today we no
longer have a mist from the ground, but rather dew which is probably
similar effects, except dew comes from the clouds rather than the ground.
(Proverbs 3:20 By his knowledge the depths are broken up, and the clouds
drop down the dew.)

Floods are mentioned in scripture with most cases dealing with the
Genesis flood that flooded the whole earth with water. This was a global
flood and not a local flood. God destroyed all people and land animals
except those in the ark. God has many chapters and verses that deal with
this flood. This was the greatest weather event in scripture. Scripture
also speaks of floods brought by God in general. (Isaiah 28:2 Behold, the
Lord hath a mighty and strong one, which as a tempest of hail and a
destroying storm, as a flood of mighty waters overflowing, shall cast down
to the earth with the hand.) Floods are normally brought by God as
punishment for man's sin, but they also do benefit man in that when farm
land is flooded many nutrients are put back into the soil which helps grow
future crops.  

Rain is mentioned that enough of it and quickly will bring forth
those floods. The first mention of rain falling on the earth was at the
start of the Genesis flood when it rained for forty days and forty nights.
(Genesis 7:12 And the rain was upon the earth forty days and forty
nights.) We are told that it is God who brings us the rain. (Job 5:10 Who
giveth rain upon the earth, and sendeth waters upon the fields:) This
verse shows it is God who waters our crops. Thank God for the rain. God
watering our crops is always better than us doing it. (Job 38:26-27 26 To
cause it to rain on the earth, where no man is; on the wilderness,
wherein there is no man;
27 To satisfy the desolate and waste ground; and to cause the bud of the
tender herb to spring forth?) Job 38:26-27 show that God even brings rain
to places where man does not live to even water the plants of the desert.
(Psalm 65:9 Thou visitest the earth, and waterest it: thou greatly
enrichest it with the river of God, which is full of water: thou preparest
them corn, when thou hast so provided for it.) God brings rain to both the
unsaved and saved. (Matthew 5:45 That ye may be the children of your
Father which is in heaven: for he maketh his sun to rise on the evil and
on the good, and sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust.) God provides
the rain at times of seasons to water the crops. (Jeremiah 5:24 Neither
say they in their heart, Let us now fear the LORD our God, that giveth
rain, both the former and the latter, in his season: he reserveth unto us
the appointed weeks of the harvest.) God brings small rain of drizzle to
great rain of a downpour. (Job 37:6 For he saith to the snow, Be thou on
the earth; likewise to the small rain, and to the great rain of his
strength.) God mentions the hydrological cycle which is the cycle of water
falling on the earth and then evaporating back to form new clouds and be
transported to a new spot to then bring water again upon the earth. Job
36:27-28 and other verses seem to mention this hydrological cycle as does
Amos 9:6 where God calleth water from the seas which is where most of it
comes from for the hydrological cycle and then he pours it upon the earth.
(Amos 9:6 It is he that buildeth his stories in the heaven, and hath
founded his troop in the earth; he that calleth for the waters of the sea,
and poureth them out upon the face of the earth: The LORD is his name.)
God wrote about the hydrological cycle about 1600 years before man knew
about it.

Clouds are necessary in order to bring the rain and God said he
controls the clouds and decides when they drop rain. (Isaiah 5:6 And I
will lay it waste: it shall not be pruned, nor digged; but there shall
come up briers and thorns: I will also command the clouds that they rain
no rain upon it.) (Job 36:27-28 For he maketh small the drops of water:
they pour down rain according to the vapour thereof:
28 Which the clouds do drop and distil upon man abundantly.) (Psalm 147:8
Who covereth the heaven with clouds, who prepareth rain for the earth, who
maketh grass to grow upon the mountains.) Today man tries to play God by
seeding the clouds to get them to bring rain upon the earth. This has
caused storms. The United States was seeding clouds during the Vietnam
War. When the clouds are full of water they bring forth rain unless God
prevents them. (Ecclesiastes 11:3 If the clouds be full of rain, they
empty themselves upon the earth: and if the tree fall toward the south, or
toward the north, in the place where the tree falleth, there it shall be.)
We cannot hold back the clouds when they are ready to drop rain just like
when a bottle is poured out. (Job 38:37 Who can number the clouds in
wisdom? or who can stay the bottles of heaven,) Following a rain the
clouds disappear as clouds are just rain water that is suspended.
(Ecclesiastes 12:2 While the sun, or the light, or the moon, or the stars,
be not darkened, nor the clouds return after the rain:) (Job 26:8 He
bindeth up the waters in his thick clouds; and the cloud is not rent under
them.) Clouds all contain a rainbow as a reminder of God's covenant with
man to never destroy the earth again with a global flood. We will still
have local floods. (Genesis 9:13-16 13 I do set my bow in the cloud, and
it shall be for a token of a covenant between me and the earth.
14 And it shall come to pass, when I bring a cloud over the earth, that
the bow shall be seen in the cloud:
15 And I will remember my covenant, which is between me and you and every
living creature of all flesh; and the waters shall no more become a flood
to destroy all flesh.
16 And the bow shall be in the cloud; and I will look upon it, that I may
remember the everlasting covenant between God and every living creature of
all flesh that is upon the earth.) A rainbow is formed by sunlight
reflecting off of water droplets. Scientists have special instruments
which have proven that a rainbow is in every cloud just as God said. Jesus
appeared as a cloud during the day to the Israelites during the forty
years they wandered in the wilderness to provide shade. Clouds can help
cool a hot summer day as they block some of the sunlight. (Exodus 40:38
For the cloud of the LORD was upon the tabernacle by day, and fire was on
it by night, in the sight of all the house of Israel, throughout all their
journeys.) God appeared to Moses as a cloud on Mt. Sinai. (Exodus 34:5 And
the LORD descended in the cloud, and stood with him there, and proclaimed
the name of the LORD.) Black clouds are usually a sign of a coming rain
and often a heavy rain. (I Kings 18:45 And it came to pass in the mean
while, that the heaven was black with clouds and wind, and there was a
great rain. And Ahab rode, and went to Jezreel.) (II Samuel 22:12 And he
made darkness pavilions round about him, dark waters, and thick clouds of
the skies.) Clouds travel in the circuit of heaven. (Job 22:14 Thick
clouds are a covering to him, that he seeth not; and he walketh in the
circuit of heaven.) Meteorologists are those who study weather and try to
predict it. Many times they can learn from the signs God has given, but
many other times they are wrong since God controls the weather. (Matthew
16:2-3 2 He answered and said unto them, When it is evening, ye say, It
will be fair weather: for the sky is red.
3 And in the morning, It will be foul weather to day: for the sky is red
and lowring. O ye hypocrites, ye can discern the face of the sky; but can
ye not discern the signs of the times?) We are told that they will never
fully understand the clouds and the weather. (Job 36:29 Also can any
understand the spreadings of the clouds, or the noise of his tabernacle?)
God balances the clouds in their place as they move across the sky in the
circuit of heaven. (Job 37:16 Dost thou know the balancings of the clouds,
the wondrous works of him which is perfect in knowledge?) This verse says
God is perfect in his knowledge in how to control the entire universe to
make it work properly. The water in clouds is in liquid droplets of
various sizes depending on the cloud, not water vapor and water is heavier
than air so how does God balance the clouds? We now know this is done by
the weight of the wind that rushes up due to temperature differences to
hold up and balance the clouds. We then read earlier in Job 36:27-28 how
God drops the water from the clouds when he is ready to water the earth.
Clouds block sunlight yet the wind will blow them away to once again
reveal the sunlight which represents a type of Jesus. We cannot look
directly at the sun just as we cannot look directly at God, yet the clouds
blocking some light allow us to see more clearly the sun. God uses the
clouds as his chariot to ride around. (Psalm 104:3 Who layeth the beams of
his chambers in the waters: who maketh the clouds his chariot: who walketh
upon the wings of the wind:) We see in this verse how wind has wings.
Jesus will return in the clouds at the end of the great tribulation and
prior to this he will call all Christians both dead and alive up to him in
the clouds in the rapture. (Mark 13:26 And then shall they see the Son of
man coming in the clouds with great power and glory.) (I Thessalonians
4:17 Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with
them in the clouds, to meet the Lord in the air: and so shall we ever be
with the Lord.) A cloud that rises out of the west brings rain showers.
(Luke 12:54 ¶ And he said also to the people, When ye see a cloud rise out
of the west, straightway ye say, There cometh a shower; and so it is.)

Wind often times is what brings the rain in and the wind will become
stronger just before that storm. I already said how the wind blows the
clouds around. A south wind will bring forth heat. (Luke 12:55 And when ye
see the south wind blow, ye say, There will be heat; and it cometh to
pass.) Wind will dry up flood waters just as God had it help dissipate the
Genesis flood waters. (Genesis 8:1 And God remembered Noah, and every
living thing, and all the cattle that was with him in the ark: and God
made a wind to pass over the earth, and the waters asswaged;) I already
read Psalm 104:3 which shows wind has wings, but II Samuel 22:11 also
mentions it as does Psalm 18:10. This verse also shows how God not only
rides upon the clouds, but also cherubim. (II Samuel 22:11 And he rode
upon a cherub, and did fly: and he was seen upon the wings of the wind.)
Wind can cool us down on a hot day or make us cold on a cold day. Wind can
be used to bring about destruction. This can be used as punishment for
man's sin or in the case of Job to allow Satan to test him as the wind
destroyed his son's house and killed his seven sons and three daughters.
(Job 1:19 And, behold, there came a great wind from the wilderness, and
smote the four corners of the house, and it fell upon the young men, and
they are dead; and I only am escaped alone to tell thee.) Wind cannot be
seen, only heard, felt, and its effects seen. God also said we do not know
where it bloweth from or where it goes. (John 3:8 The wind bloweth where
it listeth, and thou hearest the sound thereof, but canst not tell whence
it cometh, and whither it goeth: so is every one that is born of the
Spirit.) It is God who commands the wind to lift up the waves upon water
during storms. (Psalm 107:25 For he commandeth, and raiseth the stormy
wind, which lifteth up the waves thereof.) It is God who causes the wind
to blow. (Psalm 147:18 He sendeth out his word, and melteth them: he
causeth his wind to blow, and the waters flow.) The wind comes out of
God's treasuries. Jeremiah 10:13 and 51:16 also mention how God brings
forth the wind out of his treasuries. (Psalm 135:7 He causeth the vapours
to ascend from the ends of the earth; he maketh lightnings for the rain;
he bringeth the wind out of his treasuries.) This verse also shows he
makes lightning to go with the rain. Lightning during a rainstorm helps
crops grow as it splits the nitrogen in the atmosphere to allow it to be
absorbed by the crops and grow better. God keeps the wind in his fists.
(Proverbs 30:4 Who hath ascended up into heaven, or descended? who hath
gathered the wind in his fists? who hath bound the waters in a garment?
who hath established all the ends of the earth? what is his name, and what
is his son's name, if thou canst tell?) People say Jesus is not spoken of
in the old testament yet this verse shows that even in the old testament
God spoke of his son and him as a father. Jesus as God had authority over
the wind as he calmed the wind and raging sea. (Luke 8:24 And they came to
him, and awoke him, saying, Master, master, we perish. Then he arose, and
rebuked the wind and the raging of the water: and they ceased, and there
was a calm.) There are strong winds and light breezes. Acts speaks of a
wind known as Euroclydon which is similar to a nor'easter in New England.
Euroclydon is a very strong wind found in the Mediterranean Sea and
surrounding area. (Acts 27:14 But not long after there arose against it a
tempestuous wind, called Euroclydon.) The Holy Ghost is compared to the
wind as both are invisible, powerful, and can be felt and the effects
seen. The north wind drives away the rain. My local meteorologist
confirmed scripture was accurate yet most modern bibles say the north wind
brings in the rain showing how inaccurate and corrupt they are. (Proverbs
25:23 The north wind driveth away rain: so doth an angry countenance a
backbiting tongue.) Blowing wind helps spread plant seeds to grow food for
animals. We often think of wind as weightless, but God says wind has
weight and he prepares clouds with the right amount of water which he has
weighed in order to drop it in the right amount on the right spot on
earth. Scientists have only recently discovered this truth of wind having
weight when God knew it all along and had it in his word. (Job 28:24-27 24
For he looketh to the ends of the earth, and seeth under the whole heaven;
25 To make the weight for the winds; and he weigheth the waters by
measure.
26 When he made a decree for the rain, and a way for the lightning of the
thunder:
27 Then did he see it, and declare it; he prepared it, yea, and searched
it out.)

Sometimes the rain can be violent and bring thunderstorms with
thunder and lightning. Thunder is the noise that is made from the
lightning passing through the air which quickly heats it up and then
quickly expands the air causing the thunder. God's voice has been compared
to thunder. (Job 40:9 Hast thou an arm like God? or canst thou thunder
with a voice like him?) (Job 37:2 Hear attentively the noise of his voice,
and the sound that goeth out of his mouth.) (John 12:28-29 28 Father,
glorify thy name. Then came there a voice from heaven, saying, I have both
glorified it, and will glorify it again.
29 The people therefore, that stood by, and heard it, said that it
thundered: others said, An angel spake to him.) We cannot understand the
power of thunder. (Job 26:14 Lo, these are parts of his ways: but how
little a portion is heard of him? but the thunder of his power who can
understand?) Lightning is an electrostatic discharge of a tremendous
amount of electrical energy [100 million to 1 billion volts and billions
of watts]. Lightning is God's arrows that he casts upon earth. (II Samuel
22:15 And he sent out arrows, and scattered them; lightning, and
discomfited them.) (Psalm 18:14 Yea, he sent out his arrows, and scattered
them; and he shot out lightnings, and discomfited them.) (Psalm 144:6 Cast
forth lightning, and scatter them: shoot out thine arrows, and destroy
them.) God makes a path for his lightning to follow. (Job 28:26 When he
made a decree for the rain, and a way for the lightning of the thunder:)
(Job 38:25 Who hath divided a watercourse for the overflowing of waters,
or a way for the lightning of thunder;) God has full control over
lightning as he directs were it goes as he sends it to all places over the
earth. (Job 37:3 He directeth it under the whole heaven, and his lightning
unto the ends of the earth.) Lightning is a quick flash of light which can
light up the whole night sky. (Psalm 77:17-18 17 The clouds poured out
water: the skies sent out a sound: thine arrows also went abroad.
18 The voice of thy thunder was in the heaven: the lightnings lightened
the world: the earth trembled and shook.) (Ezekiel 1:14 And the living
creatures ran and returned as the appearance of a flash of lightning.)
Satan's fall from heaven was described as lightning falling from heaven.
Just as lightning travels at the speed of light which is the fastest thing
known at 186,000 miles per second, Satan's fall from heaven was fast as a
flash of lightning. (Luke 10:18 And he said unto them, I beheld Satan as
lightning fall from heaven.) Lightning strikes can cause fires both in
forests and in homes.

Severe thunderstorms especially in the summer can cause hail to fall
upon the earth. Hail can be very destructive to crops as well as property
or even people depending on its size. The largest hail mentioned in
scripture will be about 75 pounds or 100 pounds in size depending on
interpretation of a talent during the great tribulation. A 75 pound
hailstone would kill any person hit by one. (Revelation 16:21 And there
fell upon men a great hail out of heaven, every stone about the weight of
a talent: and men blasphemed God because of the plague of the hail; for
the plague thereof was exceeding great.) God has used hailstones before to
kill people such as the Amorites who were enemies of Israel and therefore
of God. (Joshua 10:11 And it came to pass, as they fled from before
Israel, and were in the going down to Beth-horon, that the LORD cast down
great stones from heaven upon them unto Azekah, and they died: they were
more which died with hailstones than they whom the children of Israel slew
with the sword.) The first time hail is mentioned is when God sent hail
upon the Egyptians as one of the ten plagues. (Exodus 9:23 And Moses
stretched forth his rod toward heaven: and the LORD sent thunder and hail,
and the fire ran along upon the ground; and the LORD rained hail upon the
land of Egypt.) God has often used hail to punish man. (Psalm 78:47-48 47
He destroyed their vines with hail, and their sycomore trees with frost.
48 He gave up their cattle also to the hail, and their flocks to hot
thunderbolts.) Verse 48 shows lightning (thunderbolts) is hot. (Psalm
105:32 He gave them hail for rain, and flaming fire in their land.)
Sometimes God also sends fire from heaven and he has also sent sulfur
balls from heaven upon Sodom and Gomorrah. God has many things in his
arsenal. (Luke 17:29 But the same day that Lot went out of Sodom it rained
fire and brimstone from heaven, and destroyed them all.) (Ezekiel 38:22
And I will plead against him with pestilence and with blood; and I will
rain upon him, and upon his bands, and upon the many people that are with
him, an overflowing rain, and great hailstones, fire, and brimstone.) The
sulphur balls found where Sodom had been have been found to be almost pure
sulfur compared to most normal sulfur balls found on earth that are around
30 something percent pure. This is because the ones that hit Sodom were
sent from heaven.

Violent thunderstorms can also often produce tornadoes or whirlwinds
as scripture refers to them as. Elijah was taken up into heaven by God in
a whirlwind as a type of the rapture. (II Kings 2:11 And it came to pass,
as they still went on, and talked, that, behold, there appeared a chariot
of fire, and horses of fire, and parted them both asunder; and Elijah went
up by a whirlwind into heaven.) God answered Job out of a whirlwind. (Job
40:6 ¶ Then answered the LORD unto Job out of the whirlwind, and said,)
Tornadoes normally come out of the south just as cold comes out of the
north. (Job 37:9 Out of the south cometh the whirlwind: and cold out of
the north.)  

Storms are often violent weather when rain comes. God mentions some
storms specifically in scripture some of which I have already mentioned
such as the violent global flood in Genesis, the storm that hit Paul in
Acts on his way to Rome, and the storm that hit Jesus and his disciples
while they were in the ship. God sent a storm against Jonah for disobeying
him. (Jonah 1:4 ¶ But the LORD sent out a great wind into the sea, and
there was a mighty tempest in the sea, so that the ship was like to be
broken.) God has full control over the weather, but I believe he does
allow Satan to sometimes control it such as when Satan used the wind to
destroy the home of Job's son. I also believe God let Satan bring the
storm that hit Jesus and his apostles which Jesus calmed. Satan was trying
to kill not only the disciples, but also Jesus to try and prevent his
doom. Hurricanes can be violent storms which form over the oceans, but
they are not directly mentioned in scripture though some of the storms may
represent them such as the tempests mentioned such as in Acts 27:14.
Tempests are violent windy storms such as seen in hurricanes. (Isaiah 28:2
Behold, the Lord hath a mighty and strong one, which as a tempest of
hail and a destroying storm, as a flood of mighty waters overflowing,
shall cast down to the earth with the hand.) Heavy winds can bring up a
different kind of storm such as dust storms that are often seen in desert
areas. Deuteronomy 28:23-24 seems to be describing dust storms.
(Deuteronomy 28:23-24 23 And thy heaven that is over thy head shall be
brass, and the earth that is under thee shall be iron.
24 The LORD shall make the rain of thy land powder and dust: from heaven
shall it come down upon thee, until thou be destroyed.)

When God withholds the rain as he sometimes does for punishment of
sin as we have seen out west and around the world, this will often lead to
drought. (Haggai 1:11 And I called for a drought upon the land, and upon
the mountains, and upon the corn, and upon the new wine, and upon the oil,
and upon that which the ground bringeth forth, and upon men, and upon
cattle, and upon all the labour of the hands.) (Deuteronomy 11:17 And then
the LORD'S wrath be kindled against you, and he shut up the heaven, that
there be no rain, and that the land yield not her fruit; and lest ye
perish quickly from off the good land which the LORD giveth you.) We see
the weather extremes from drought to forty days and nights of rain in
Noah's day. Scripture mentions some droughts that hit lands. Droughts
often lead to famine as the food cannot grow. Abraham went to Egypt after
a famine hit where he lived. (Genesis 12:10 ¶ And there was a famine in
the land: and Abram went down into Egypt to sojourn there; for the
famine was grievous in the land.) Later Isaac would run off to the land of
the Philistines during another famine. (Genesis 26:1 And there was a
famine in the land, beside the first famine that was in the days of
Abraham. And Isaac went unto Abimelech king of the Philistines unto
Gerar.) In the days of Joseph a seven year famine hit Egypt and all the
surrounding area. Joseph under God's guidance kept the people fed.
(Genesis 45:6 For these two years hath the famine been in the land: and
yet there are five years, in the which there shall neither be earing nor
harvest.) Droughts and heat will melt snow. (Job 24:19 Drought and heat
consume the snow waters: so doth the grave those which have sinned.) The
melting of snow water is often used for drinking water, but a drought will
quickly use up (consume) that stored water. Droughts can often lead to
forest fires especially if lightning strikes. Excessive heat is often
connected to droughts. God said that cold and heat would always remain
while the earth existed. This shows that global warming is a fraud as we
will always have the cold. Global warming is just being used to control
people and push socialist agendas. (Genesis 8:22 While the earth
remaineth, seedtime and harvest, and cold and heat, and summer and winter,
and day and night shall not cease.) Heat is caused by the sun and
sometimes God withholds the sun. (Job 9:7 Which commandeth the sun, and it
riseth not; and sealeth up the stars.)

Clouds will drop snow instead of rain when it becomes cold. (Psalm
147:16-17 16 He giveth snow like wool: he scattereth the hoarfrost like
ashes.
17 He casteth forth his ice like morsels: who can stand before his cold?)
Pure snow is white and God describes our sins being made pure white like
snow when washed in the blood of Jesus. (Isaiah 1:18 Come now, and let us
reason together, saith the LORD: though your sins be as scarlet, they
shall be as white as snow; though they be red like crimson, they shall be
as wool.) Snow just like rain waters the earth and just like rain snow
does not return back to heaven after it has fallen. It stays here until it
evaporates later on. (Isaiah 55:10 For as the rain cometh down, and the
snow from heaven, and returneth not thither, but watereth the earth, and
maketh it bring forth and bud, that it may give seed to the sower, and
bread to the eater:) Snow is also contained in the treasuries of God in
heaven and is sometimes used by God when he is at war with man. Great
snowstorms known as blizzards can be devastating. (Job 38:22-23 22 Hast
thou entered into the treasures of the snow? or hast thou seen the
treasures of the hail,
23 Which I have reserved against the time of trouble, against the day of
battle and war?) Snowfall in mountains can also be a treasure as melting
snow in the springtime brings much need water to deserts, cities, and many
other locations. Snow, ice, and frost are often mentioned in the book of
Job, much more than in any other book. It is believed that Job was living
when the ice age was still going on and was describing some of it. Ice is
also seen in scripture with some cases already mentioned. Here is another
verse that also deals with frost. (Job 38:29 Out of whose womb came the
ice? and the hoary frost of heaven, who hath gendered it?) Frost is a thin
layer of ice and hoary frost is icy crystals on the ground that forms at
night, in essence a winter frozen dew. (Genesis 31:40 Thus I was; in the
day the drought consumed me, and the frost by night; and my sleep departed
from mine eyes.) (Exodus 16:14 And when the dew that lay was gone up,
behold, upon the face of the wilderness there lay a small round thing, as
small as the hoar frost on the ground.) Frost comes from the breath of
God. (Job 37:10 By the breath of God frost is given: and the breadth of
the waters is straitened.) Job 37:10 speaks of the breadth of waters being
straitened and this may refer to land bridges that were formed during the
ice age between continents due to frozen water. The breadth (width) now
becomes narrower (straitened) as the body of water is now passable. We saw
earlier how cold comes from the north.

God often speaks of weather in scripture and he speaks of many things
that we have only learned more recently yet God always had these things in
scripture long ago. Let us read and trust scripture to know more about the
weather. Let us appreciate the weather more as we realize that God is in
control of everything and that includes the weather. Remember that God has
and does often punish people with weather so let us as a nation repent of
our sins and we will enjoy wonderful weather just as he promised Israel if
they obeyed his commands. (Deuteronomy 11:14 That I will give you the rain
of your land in his due season, the first rain and the latter rain, that
thou mayest gather in thy corn, and thy wine, and thine oil.)  For those
who are not saved call upon Jesus today so that you may know the one who
creates and controls the weather and have your sins become white as snow.

Search for: _____________________  [ Search ]

Recent Comments

Archives

Categories

• No categories

Meta

• Log in
• Entries feed
• Comments feed
• WordPress.org

Created my free logo at LogoMakr.com

Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Copyright (c) 2024 Jesus is God and Lord Ministries | Credits
Powered by Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

