Link: profile
Link: dns-prefetch
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Feed (alternate)
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Comments Feed (alternate)
Link: preconnect
Link: preconnect
Link: https://api.w.org/
Link: alternate
Link: RSD (EditURI)
Link: canonical
Link: shortlink
Link: alternate
Link: alternate
Skip to content
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Ye Must Be Born Again

Main Menu

• HOME
• STORE
• ABOUT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD MINISTRIES
• BELIEFS
• CONTACT
• KING JAMES BIBLE TO READ AND LISTEN TO
• KING JAMES BIBLE WORDS AND PHRASES DEFINED
• WHY WE MUST BE BORN AGAIN
• WHAT MUST I DO TO BE SAVED (BE BORN AGAIN), HAVE ETERNAL LIFE AND GO
TO HEAVEN?
• NOW THAT I AM A BORN AGAIN CHRISTIAN, HOW DO I GROW (MATURE)?
• PROOF THAT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD
• SERMONS AND SCRIPTURE LESSONSMenu Toggle

• 3:16 Verses
• Abraham the obedient father and type of God the Father
• According to the word of the LORD
• Alleged Contradictions in Scripture
• Angels and spiritual beings
• Animals Teaching Man  
• Be like Jesus
• Be Thankful
• Bread in Scripture
• Christian Martyrs for Jesus
• Colors in Scripture
• Curse Israel and you will be cursed
• Dangers of Calvinism
• Deadliest battles in scripture
• Deserts in scripture and in our lives
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism
• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freedom and Liberty come from God
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise
• From the resurrection to the ascension
• Genealogies of Jesus
• Gifts of the Holy Ghost
• God is Light
• God is Love
• God the Holy Ghost
• Halloween and the connection to Satan
• Honour Thy Mother
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus is the door that all must enter for everlasting life
• Jesus is the Light of the World and Christians Should Reflect
that Light
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jesus versus Mohammad
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Jonah
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Jude
• Malachi   
• Martyrs in the Lord's Army
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Nahum
• Nehemiah 3 and the ten gates of the Jerusalem wall
• Obadiah
• Our Nation Was Founded Upon God
• Philemon
• Prayer
• Pre-incarnate Appearances of Jesus (Theophanies)
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Proof that Jesus is God
• Prophecies Fulfilled by Jesus at his First Coming
• Prophecies of the Second Coming of Jesus
• Psalm 23
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines
• Santa is Satan and his little elves are devils
• Serve in the Lord's Army
• Seven Vial Judgments of Revelation
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  
• Star of Bethlehem
• Thankful people in scripture  
• The Battle of Gog and Magog
• The Books of God
• The Crucifixion of Jesus
• The Egyptian gods and goddesses of the ten plagues and their
judgment and defeat by the God of gods
• The Exodus   
• The Good Samaritan
• The Gospel in Stone
• The Gospel in the Stars
• The Greatest Father Anyone Can Have And Everyone Needs
• The Handwriting of God
• The Illegal Trial of Jesus
• The King James Bible Built-in Dictionary
• The Miracles at the Crucifixion of Jesus
• The New Year's resolutions that need to be kept
• The Number Seven in Scripture
• The Number Three in Scripture  
• The Riotous Son
• The True Creationism of the Scriptures versus False Theories
• The Unscriptural Flat Earth Theory
• The Unscriptural Lucifer Flood  
• The Widow Woman and the Oil  
• The Word Became Flesh
• Types of the Holy Ghost in scripture
• Was Jesus born on Christmas?
• Was Jesus Crucified on Friday?
• Water in Scripture
• Weather in scripture
• Who are the sons of God of Genesis 6?
• Work is from God
• Worshipping God in psalms, hymns, and spiritual songs
• Zephaniah

• VIDEOS
• HYMNS
• FOR PRECIOUS JEWISH SOULSMenu Toggle

• Meet the Jewish Messiah
• False Religion of Judaism
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  

• FOR PRECIOUS ROMAN CATHOLIC SOULSMenu Toggle

• False Doctrines of Roman Catholicism
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• CULTSMenu Toggle

• Roman CatholicismMenu Toggle

• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism

• FALSE RELIGIONSMenu Toggle

• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise

• RECOMMENDED BOOKS FOR READING
• LINKS
• CHECKOUT
• New items are available in the store for purchase.

0

Meet the Jewish Messiah

To the precious Jewish souls that may be reading this, I want to
present to you your Messiah, the Lord Jesus Christ.

The following verses show how Christ and Messiah are one and the same
(Messias is Greek for Messiah):

John 1:41 He first findeth his own brother Simon, and saith unto him, We
have found the Messias, which is, being interpreted, the Christ.

John 4:25 25 The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which
is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things. 26 Jesus
saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he. (Jesus clearly states he is
the Messiah.)

In Mark 14:61-62 Jesus admits he is Christ or the Messiah. Precious
Jewish souls listen to you Messiah who says he was and see the proof
presented before you showing he was who he says he was.

Mark 14:61-62 61 But he held his peace, and answered nothing. Again the
high priest asked him, and said unto him, Art thou the Christ, the Son of
the Blessed?
62 And Jesus said, I am: and ye shall see the Son of man sitting on the
right hand of power, and coming in the clouds of heaven.

Matthew 16:20 Then charged he his disciples that they should tell no man
that he was Jesus the Christ.

Jews were and are God's chosen people and Israel is God's chosen
nation. God used Abraham to start a new nation through his grandson Jacob
who was renamed Israel. There were just 70 souls originally in Egypt
(Genesis 46:27 And the sons of Joseph, which were born him in Egypt, were
two souls: all the souls of the house of Jacob, which came into Egypt,
were threescore and ten.). So God chose a very small number of people to
be his nation to spread the gospel to all the world. This was the original
intent when they came out of Egypt led by Moses. All of Israel was to be a
peculiar people (priests) for God. (Deuteronomy 14:2 For thou art an holy
people unto the LORD thy God, and the LORD hath chosen thee to be a
peculiar people unto himself, above all the nations that are upon the
earth.), (Deuteronomy 26:18 And the LORD hath avouched thee this day to be
his peculiar people, as he hath promised thee, and that thou shouldest
keep all his commandments;), and (I Peter 2:9-10 But ye are a chosen
generation, a royal priesthood, an holy nation, a peculiar people; that ye
should shew forth the praises of him who hath called you out of darkness
into his marvellous light:
10 Which in time past were not a people, but are now the people of God:
which had not obtained mercy, but now have obtained mercy.) It was only
after the people rejected hearing the LORD directly that God made just the
tribe of Levi to serve him with only the descendants of Aaron as priests.
The people of Israel served God for awhile and then would backslide into
idolatry and then serve God again and keep repeating this process, often
beating and killing God's prophets sent to Israel and later Judah to tell
them about their Messiah, whom they not knowing the scriptures later
crucified. Acts chapter 7 presents Stephen presenting the story of Israel
to the high priest and their rejection of Jesus. He was stoned for his
result. Just because Jews are God's chosen people, they still must receive
and accept Jesus as their Saviour the same as any Gentile.

Acts 7:1-60

1 Then said the high priest, Are these things so?
2 And he said, Men, brethren, and fathers, hearken; The God of glory
appeared unto our father Abraham, when he was in Mesopotamia, before he
dwelt in Charran,
3 And said unto him, Get thee out of thy country, and from thy kindred,
and come into the land which I shall shew thee.
4 Then came he out of the land of the Chaldæans, and dwelt in Charran: and
from thence, when his father was dead, he removed him into this land,
wherein ye now dwell.
5 And he gave him none inheritance in it, no, not so much as to set his
foot on: yet he promised that he would give it to him for a possession,
and to his seed after him, when as yet he had no child.
6 And God spake on this wise, That his seed should sojourn in a strange
land; and that they should bring them into bondage, and entreat them evil
four hundred years.
7 And the nation to whom they shall be in bondage will I judge, said God:
and after that shall they come forth, and serve me in this place.
8 And he gave him the covenant of circumcision: and so Abraham begat
Isaac, and circumcised him the eighth day; and Isaac begat Jacob; and
Jacob begat the twelve patriarchs.
9 And the patriarchs, moved with envy, sold Joseph into Egypt: but God was
with him,
10 And delivered him out of all his afflictions, and gave him favour and
wisdom in the sight of Pharaoh king of Egypt; and he made him governor
over Egypt and all his house.
11 Now there came a dearth over all the land of Egypt and Chanaan, and
great affliction: and our fathers found no sustenance.
12 But when Jacob heard that there was corn in Egypt, he sent out our
fathers first.
13 And at the second time Joseph was made known to his brethren; and
Joseph's kindred was made known unto Pharaoh.
14 Then sent Joseph, and called his father Jacob to him, and all his
kindred, threescore and fifteen souls.
15 So Jacob went down into Egypt, and died, he, and our fathers,
16 And were carried over into Sychem, and laid in the sepulchre that
Abraham bought for a sum of money of the sons of Emmor the father of
Sychem.
17 But when the time of the promise drew nigh, which God had sworn to
Abraham, the people grew and multiplied in Egypt,
18 Till another king arose, which knew not Joseph.
19 The same dealt subtilly with our kindred, and evil entreated our
fathers, so that they cast out their young children, to the end they might
not live.
20 In which time Moses was born, and was exceeding fair, and nourished up
in his father's house three months:
21 And when he was cast out, Pharaoh's daughter took him up, and nourished
him for her own son.
22 And Moses was learned in all the wisdom of the Egyptians, and was
mighty in words and in deeds.
23 And when he was full forty years old, it came into his heart to visit
his brethren the children of Israel.
24 And seeing one of them suffer wrong, he defended him, and avenged him
that was oppressed, and smote the Egyptian:
25 For he supposed his brethren would have understood how that God by his
hand would deliver them: but they understood not.
26 And the next day he shewed himself unto them as they strove, and would
have set them at one again, saying, Sirs, ye are brethren; why do ye wrong
one to another?
27 But he that did his neighbour wrong thrust him away, saying, Who made
thee a ruler and a judge over us?
28 Wilt thou kill me, as thou diddest the Egyptian yesterday?
29 Then fled Moses at this saying, and was a stranger in the land of
Madian, where he begat two sons.
30 And when forty years were expired, there appeared to him in the
wilderness of mount Sina an angel of the Lord in a flame of fire in a
bush.
31 When Moses saw it, he wondered at the sight: and as he drew near to
behold it, the voice of the Lord came unto him,
32 Saying, I am the God of thy fathers, the God of Abraham, and the God of
Isaac, and the God of Jacob. Then Moses trembled, and durst not behold.
33 Then said the Lord to him, Put off thy shoes from thy feet: for the
place where thou standest is holy ground.
34 I have seen, I have seen the affliction of my people which is in Egypt,
and I have heard their groaning, and am come down to deliver them. And now
come, I will send thee into Egypt.
35 This Moses whom they refused, saying, Who made thee a ruler and a
judge? the same did God send to be a ruler and a deliverer by the hand of
the angel which appeared to him in the bush.
36 He brought them out, after that he had shewed wonders and signs in the
land of Egypt, and in the Red sea, and in the wilderness forty years.

37 ¶ This is that Moses, which said unto the children of Israel, A prophet
shall the Lord your God raise up unto you of your brethren, like unto me;
him shall ye hear.
38 This is he, that was in the church in the wilderness with the angel
which spake to him in the mount Sina, and with our fathers: who received
the lively oracles to give unto us:
39 To whom our fathers would not obey, but thrust him from them, and in
their hearts turned back again into Egypt,
40 Saying unto Aaron, Make us gods to go before us: for as for this Moses,
which brought us out of the land of Egypt, we wot not what is become of
him.
41 And they made a calf in those days, and offered sacrifice unto the
idol, and rejoiced in the works of their own hands.
42 Then God turned, and gave them up to worship the host of heaven; as it
is written in the book of the prophets, O ye house of Israel, have ye
offered to me slain beasts and sacrifices by the space of forty years in
the wilderness?
43 Yea, ye took up the tabernacle of Moloch, and the star of your god
Remphan, figures which ye made to worship them: and I will carry you away
beyond Babylon.
44 Our fathers had the tabernacle of witness in the wilderness, as he had
appointed, speaking unto Moses, that he should make it according to the
fashion that he had seen.
45 Which also our fathers that came after brought in with Jesus into the
possession of the Gentiles, whom God drave out before the face of our
fathers, unto the days of David;
46 Who found favour before God, and desired to find a tabernacle for the
God of Jacob.
47 But Solomon built him an house.
48 Howbeit the most High dwelleth not in temples made with hands; as saith
the prophet,
49 Heaven is my throne, and earth is my footstool: what house will ye
build me? saith the Lord: or what is the place of my rest?
50 Hath not my hand made all these things?

51 ¶ Ye stiffnecked and uncircumcised in heart and ears, ye do always
resist the Holy Ghost: as your fathers did, so do ye.
52 Which of the prophets have not your fathers persecuted? and they have
slain them which shewed before of the coming of the Just One; of whom ye
have been now the betrayers and murderers:
53 Who have received the law by the disposition of angels, and have not
kept it.

54 ¶ When they heard these things, they were cut to the heart, and they
gnashed on him with their teeth.
55 But he, being full of the Holy Ghost, looked up stedfastly into heaven,
and saw the glory of God, and Jesus standing on the right hand of God,
56 And said, Behold, I see the heavens opened, and the Son of man standing
on the right hand of God.
57 Then they cried out with a loud voice, and stopped their ears, and ran
upon him with one accord,
58 And cast him out of the city, and stoned him: and the witnesses laid
down their clothes at a young man's feet, whose name was Saul.
59 And they stoned Stephen, calling upon God, and saying, Lord Jesus,
receive my spirit.
60 And he kneeled down, and cried with a loud voice, Lord, lay not this
sin to their charge. And when he had said this, he fell asleep.

Each of the Jewish feasts as ordained by God and commanded by God for
the (Israelites) Jews to obey, presents the gospel to the Jewish people.
The many objects used in the feasts as well as what was performed was
meant to present your Messiah (Jesus) to you, the Jewish people. See the
articles on each Jewish feast. See Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles.

Jesus asked his apostles (Special appointed disciples by Jesus
himself. All were Jews.) Whom do men say that I the Son of man am? One of
the apostles Peter said Jesus was the Christ, the Son of the living God. I
pray that all Jews will be able to say Jesus is the Christ (Messiah) and
Son of the living God. Everyone needs to be able to answer Jesus'
question. Let all Jews answer as did the Jewish leader of Jesus' apostles.
Follow your fellow Jew. (Matthew 16:13-17 13 ¶ When Jesus came into the
coasts of Caesarea Philippi, he asked his disciples, saying, Whom do men
say that I the Son of man am? 14 And they said, Some say that thou art
John the Baptist: some, Elias; and others, Jeremias, or one of the
prophets. 15 He saith unto them, But whom say ye that I am? 16 And Simon
Peter answered and said, Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God.
17 And Jesus answered and said unto him, Blessed art thou, Simon Bar-jona:
for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my Father which is
in heaven.) [Elias is Elijah and Jeremias is Jeremiah] Nicodemus, one of
the rulers of the Jews and member of the Jewish council [Sanhedrin] asked
Jesus about salvation and Jesus told him he must be born again. I pray all
Jews will come to Jesus as Nicodemus did and ask how to get to heaven and
get saved as he did. Follow your former leader and go to Jesus for eternal
life. (John 3:1-21) See What must I do to be saved (be born again), have
eternal life and go to heaven? (I John 5:1 Whosoever believeth that Jesus
is the Christ is born of God: and every one that loveth him that begat
loveth him also that is begotten of him.)

Proverbs 30:4 is an Old Testament passage showing God has a Son and
his name is Jesus. Look at the part I underlined. (Proverbs 30:4-5 4 Who
hath ascended up into heaven, or descended? who hath gathered the wind in
his fists? who hath bound the waters in a garment? who hath established
all the ends of the earth? what is his name, and what is his son's name,
if thou canst tell?
5 Every word of God is pure: he is a shield unto them that put their trust
in him.)

Jews in Biblical times where always looking for a sign from God so
they knew it was true and from God. I will show below some Messianic
prophecies from the Old Testament fulfilled by Jesus Christ in the New
Testament. Jesus is the only person to ever obey the Law 100%. Two of the
Jewish peoples favorite leaders, Moses and David, wrote of many prophecies
of Jesus. Listen to your well beloved leaders.

All of the prophecies (over 300) of your Messiah being fulfilled by
Jesus is beyond calculation and probability. The Law of Probability shows
how frequent something should occur. For example if you take a coin and
flip it in the air, there is a 1 in 2 chance it will land heads. If you
toss two coins in a row, the odds of getting heads twice is 2 x 2=4 or one
chance in four. the odds of tossing ten coins in a row and getting ten
heads is one chance in 1,024 or 2x2x2x2x2x2x2x2x2x2=1,024. Many have done
calculations on the odds of a prophecy being fulfilled by Jesus such as
him being born in Bethlehem of Judaea. The odds would be one in however
many cities and towns where in Judah. He was to be born of the tribe of
Judah, so the odds where 1 in 12 since there are 12 tribes. If you
multiply all the odds together of all the fulfilled prophecies, the odds
are so great as to make it impossible for one man to have fulfilled all of
these prophecies as they were by Jesus unless he is God as Jesus is God.
(See Proof that Jesus is God and Lord.) Supposedly if you just considered
eight fulfilled prophecies of Jesus and each odd (100 trillion) was a
silver dollar (U.S.), there would be enough to cover the entire state of
Texas (about the size of France) with silver dollars two feet thick. If
one was marked and then mixed in among them and you were given one chance
to pick it out, you would have the same odds. This is only for 8 fulfilled
prophecies and Jesus fulfilled over 300 prophecies that he is the Jewish
Messiah. (The above comes from Grant R. Jeffrey's book Jesus: The Great
Debate.)

SOME OF THE PROPHECIES FULFILLED BY JESUS AT HIS FIRST COMING SHOWING HE
IS THE JEWISH MESSIAH

It is estimated there are over 300 prophecies (some say 365)
fulfilled by Jesus at his first coming. We will discuss a small select
amount and show that only Jesus could fulfill the role and be the Jewish
Messiah. It also shows he is God.

The first prophecy mentioned in scripture of Jesus's first coming is
in Genesis 3:15. It shows he would be of the seed of the woman. Normally
the man provides the seed.

Isaiah 53 is known as the Messianic prophecy chapter and is not read
by the Jews since they know it refers to Jesus. Isaiah 52:13-15 should be
read with that chapter. Psalm 22 is known as the Messianic Psalm. Many of
the other Psalms are Messianic as well. (Isaiah 52:13-53:12 52:13 ¶
Behold, my servant shall deal prudently, he shall be exalted and extolled,
and be very high.
14 As many were astonied at thee; his visage was so marred more than any
man, and his form more than the sons of men:
15 So shall he sprinkle many nations; the kings shall shut their mouths at
him: for that which had not been told them shall they see; and that which
they had not heard shall they consider. 53:1 Who hath believed our report?
and to whom is the arm of the LORD revealed?
2 For he shall grow up before him as a tender plant, and as a root out of
a dry ground: he hath no form nor comeliness; and when we shall see him,
there is no beauty that we should desire him.
3 He is despised and rejected of men; a man of sorrows, and acquainted
with grief: and we hid as it were our faces from him; he was despised, and
we esteemed him not.

4 ¶ Surely he hath borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows: yet we did
esteem him stricken, smitten of God, and afflicted.
5 But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our
iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his
stripes we are healed.
6 All we like sheep have gone astray; we have turned every one to his own
way; and the LORD hath laid on him the iniquity of us all.
7 He was oppressed, and he was afflicted, yet he opened not his mouth: he
is brought as a lamb to the slaughter, and as a sheep before her shearers
is dumb, so he openeth not his mouth.
8 He was taken from prison and from judgment: and who shall declare his
generation? for he was cut off out of the land of the living: for the
transgression of my people was he stricken.
9 And he made his grave with the wicked, and with the rich in his death;
because he had done no violence, neither was any deceit in his mouth.

10 ¶ Yet it pleased the LORD to bruise him; he hath put him to grief: when
thou shalt make his soul an offering for sin, he shall see his seed, he
shall prolong his days, and the pleasure of the LORD shall prosper in his
hand.
11 He shall see of the travail of his soul, and shall be satisfied: by his
knowledge shall my righteous servant justify many; for he shall bear their
iniquities.
12 Therefore will I divide him a portion with the great, and he shall
divide the spoil with the strong; because he hath poured out his soul unto
death: and he was numbered with the transgressors; and he bare the sin of
many, and made intercession for the transgressors.) (Psalm 22 1-31 To the
chief Musician upon Aijeleth Shahar, A Psalm of David. 1 My God, my God,
why hast thou forsaken me? why art thou so far from helping me, and from
the words of my roaring?
2 O my God, I cry in the daytime, but thou hearest not; and in the night
season, and am not silent.
3 But thou art holy, O thou that inhabitest the praises of Israel.
4 Our fathers trusted in thee: they trusted, and thou didst deliver them.
5 They cried unto thee, and were delivered: they trusted in thee, and were
not confounded.
6 But I am a worm, and no man; a reproach of men, and despised of the
people.
7 All they that see me laugh me to scorn: they shoot out the lip, they
shake the head, saying,
8 He trusted on the LORD that he would deliver him: let him deliver him,
seeing he delighted in him.
9 But thou art he that took me out of the womb: thou didst make me hope
when I was upon my mother's breasts.
10 I was cast upon thee from the womb: thou art my God from my mother's
belly.
11 Be not far from me; for trouble is near; for there is none to help.
12 Many bulls have compassed me: strong bulls of Bashan have beset me
round.
13 They gaped upon me with their mouths, as a ravening and a roaring lion.
14 I am poured out like water, and all my bones are out of joint: my heart
is like wax; it is melted in the midst of my bowels.
15 My strength is dried up like a potsherd; and my tongue cleaveth to my
jaws; and thou hast brought me into the dust of death.
16 For dogs have compassed me: the assembly of the wicked have inclosed
me: they pierced my hands and my feet.
17 I may tell all my bones: they look and stare upon me.
18 They part my garments among them, and cast lots upon my vesture.
19 But be not thou far from me, O LORD: O my strength, haste thee to help
me.
20 Deliver my soul from the sword; my darling from the power of the dog.
21 Save me from the lion's mouth: for thou hast heard me from the horns of
the unicorns.
22 I will declare thy name unto my brethren: in the midst of the
congregation will I praise thee.
23 Ye that fear the LORD, praise him; all ye the seed of Jacob, glorify
him; and fear him, all ye the seed of Israel.
24 For he hath not despised nor abhorred the affliction of the afflicted;
neither hath he hid his face from him; but when he cried unto him, he
heard.
25 My praise shall be of thee in the great congregation: I will pay my
vows before them that fear him.
26 The meek shall eat and be satisfied: they shall praise the LORD that
seek him: your heart shall live for ever.
27 All the ends of the world shall remember and turn unto the LORD: and
all the kindreds of the nations shall worship before thee.
28 For the kingdom is the LORD'S: and he is the governor among the
nations.
29 All they that be fat upon earth shall eat and worship: all they that go
down to the dust shall bow before him: and none can keep alive his own
soul.
30 A seed shall serve him; it shall be accounted to the Lord for a
generation.
31 They shall come, and shall declare his righteousness unto a people that
shall be born, that he hath done this.)

Over three times as many prophecies will be fulfilled at the second
coming of Jesus, which will be soon. We know Jesus literally fulfilled all
of the prophecies of his first coming, therefore we can have comfort
knowing that Jesus will literally fulfill all of the prophecies of his
second coming.

(There are many other verses that also predict and/or fulfill the
prophecies.)

Messiah would come from the seed of a woman: (Genesis 3:15 And I will put
enmity between thee and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed; it
shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel.) Fulfilled:
(Galatians 4:4 But when the fulness of the time was come, God sent forth
his Son, made of a woman, made under the law,) This was literally
fulfilled with Mary giving birth to Jesus. The seed is normally from the
man except in this case. If the seed came from man, Jesus would have been
born with a sin nature and could not have been our Redeemer (Saviour) or
the Jewish Messiah.

Messiah would come from the tribe of Judah: (Genesis 49:10 The sceptre
shall not depart from Judah, nor a lawgiver from between his feet, until
Shiloh come; and unto him shall the gathering of the people be.)
Fulfilled: Genealogy of Jesus (Luke 3:33 Which was the son of Aminadab,
which was the son of Aram, which was the son of Esrom, which was the son
of Phares, which was the son of Juda,)

Messiah would be born in Bethlehem: (Micah 5:2 But thou, Beth-lehem
Ephratah, though thou be little among the thousands of Judah, yet out of
thee shall he come forth unto me that is to be ruler in Israel; whose
goings forth have been from of old, from everlasting.) There was more than
one Bethlehem, but the specific one the Messiah would be born in is given.
Fulfilled: (Luke 2:4 And Joseph also went up from Galilee, out of the city
of Nazareth, into Judæa, unto the city of David, which is called
Bethlehem; (because he was of the house and lineage of David:) (Luke 2:7
And she brought forth her firstborn son, and wrapped him in swaddling
clothes, and laid him in a manger; because there was no room for them in
the inn.)

Messiah would be born of a virgin: (Isaiah 7:14 Therefore the Lord himself
shall give you a sign; Behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son,
and shall call his name Immanuel.) Fulfilled: (Luke 1:27 To a virgin
espoused to a man whose name was Joseph, of the house of David; and the
virgin's name was Mary.) (Luke 1:31 And, behold, thou shalt conceive in
thy womb, and bring forth a son, and shalt call his name JESUS.)

Messiah (Jesus) would be declared the Son of God: (Psalm 2:7 I will
declare the decree: the LORD hath said unto me, Thou art my Son; this day
have I begotten thee.) Fulfilled: (Matthew 3:17 And lo a voice from
heaven, saying, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.)

Messiah (Jesus) would be the Prophet like unto Moses: Moses talking to the
people. (Deuteronomy 18:15 ¶ The LORD thy God will raise up unto thee a
Prophet from the midst of thee, of thy brethren, like unto me; unto him ye
shall hearken;) Fulfilled: (Acts 3:20 And he shall send Jesus Christ,
which before was preached unto you:) (Acts 3:22 For Moses truly said unto
the fathers, A prophet shall the Lord your God raise up unto you of your
brethren, like unto me; him shall ye hear in all things whatsoever he
shall say unto you.)

Messiah (Jesus) would speak in parables: (Psalm 78:2 I will open my mouth
in a parable: I will utter dark sayings of old:) (Matthew 13:34 All these
things spake Jesus unto the multitude in parables; and without a parable
spake he not unto them:)

Messiah would be a priest for ever after the order of Melchizedek: (Psalm
110:4 The LORD hath sworn, and will not repent, Thou art a priest for ever
after the order of Melchizedek.) Fulfilled: (Hebrews 7:21-22 (For those
priests were made without an oath; but this with an oath by him that said
unto him, The Lord sware and will not repent, Thou art a priest for ever
after the order of Melchisedec:)
22 By so much was Jesus made a surety of a better testament.) Melchizedek
was the preincarnate Jesus.

Messiah would be betrayed by a close friend: This speaks of Judas
Iscariot, one of his apostles (disciples). (Psalm 41:9 Yea, mine own
familiar friend, in whom I trusted, which did eat of my bread, hath lifted
up his heel against me.) Fulfilled: (Matthew 26:47-50 ¶ And while he yet
spake, lo, Judas, one of the twelve, came, and with him a great multitude
with swords and staves, from the chief priests and elders of the people.
48 Now he that betrayed him gave them a sign, saying, Whomsoever I shall
kiss, that same is he: hold him fast.
49 And forthwith he came to Jesus, and said, Hail, master; and kissed him.
50 And Jesus said unto him, Friend, wherefore art thou come? Then came
they, and laid hands on Jesus, and took him.)

Messiah would be betrayed for thirty pieces of silver: (Zechariah 11:12
And I said unto them, If ye think good, give me my price; and if not,
forbear. So they weighed for my price thirty pieces of silver.) Fulfilled:
Speaking of Judas Iscariot. (Matthew 26:15 And said unto them, What will
ye give me, and I will deliver him unto you? And they covenanted with him
for thirty pieces of silver.)

Messiah (Jesus) would be silent to accusations: (Isaiah 53:7 He was
oppressed, and he was afflicted, yet he opened not his mouth: he is
brought as a lamb to the slaughter, and as a sheep before her shearers is
dumb, so he openeth not his mouth.) (Mark 15:4-5 And Pilate asked him
again, saying, Answerest thou nothing? behold how many things they witness
against thee.
5 But Jesus yet answered nothing; so that Pilate marvelled.)

Messiah would be hated without a cause: (Psalm 35:19 Let not them that are
mine enemies wrongfully rejoice over me: neither let them wink with the
eye that hate me without a cause.) Fulfilled: Jesus speaking. (John
15:24-25 If I had not done among them the works which none other man did,
they had not had sin: but now have they both seen and hated both me and my
Father.
25 But this cometh to pass, that the word might be fulfilled that is
written in their law, They hated me without a cause.)

Messiah would have no bones broken: (Psalm 34:20 He keepeth all his bones:
not one of them is broken.) Fulfilled: (John 19:32 But when they came to
Jesus, and saw that he was dead already, they brake not his legs:) (John
19:36 For these things were done, that the scripture should be fulfilled,
A bone of him shall not be broken.)

Messiah's side would be pierced: (Zechariah 12:10 And I will pour upon the
house of David, and upon the inhabitants of Jerusalem, the spirit of grace
and of supplications: and they shall look upon me whom they have pierced,
and they shall mourn for him, as one mourneth for his only son, and shall
be in bitterness for him, as one that is in bitterness for his firstborn.)
Fulfilled: (John 19:34 But one of the soldiers with a spear pierced his
side, and forthwith came there out blood and water.)

Messiah would be buried with the rich: (Isaiah 53:9 And he made his grave
with the wicked, and with the rich in his death; because he had done no
violence, neither was any deceit in his mouth.) Fulfilled: (Matthew
27:57-60 When the even was come, there came a rich man of Arimathæa, named
Joseph, who also himself was Jesus' disciple:
58 He went to Pilate, and begged the body of Jesus. Then Pilate commanded
the body to be delivered.
59 And when Joseph had taken the body, he wrapped it in a clean linen
cloth,
60 And laid it in his own new tomb, which he had hewn out in the rock: and
he rolled a great stone to the door of the sepulchre, and departed.)

Messiah would be crucified with malefactors [a criminal subject to public
execution]: (Isaiah 53:12 Therefore will I divide him a portion with the
great, and he shall divide the spoil with the strong; because he hath
poured out his soul unto death: and he was numbered with the
transgressors; and he bare the sin of many, and made intercession for the
transgressors.) Fulfilled: (Mark 15:27-28 And with him they crucify two
thieves; the one on his right hand, and the other on his left.
28 And the scripture was fulfilled, which saith, And he was numbered with
the transgressors.)

Messiah's hands and feet would be pierced: (Psalm 22:16 For dogs have
compassed me: the assembly of the wicked have inclosed me: they pierced my
hands and my feet.) Fulfilled: (John 20:20 And when he had so said, he
shewed unto them his hands and his side. Then were the disciples glad,
when they saw the Lord.)

Messiah (Jesus) would sit at the right hand of God the Father: (Psalm
110:1 The LORD said unto my Lord, Sit thou at my right hand, until I make
thine enemies thy footstool.) Fulfilled: (Hebrews 12:2 Looking unto Jesus
the author and finisher of our faith; who for the joy that was set before
him endured the cross, despising the shame, and is set down at the right
hand of the throne of God.) (Mark 16:19 ¶ So then after the Lord had
spoken unto them, he was received up into heaven, and sat on the right
hand of God.)

Messiah would be Forsaken by God: (Psalm 22:1 My God, my God, why hast
thou forsaken me? why art thou so far from helping me, and from the words
of my roaring?) Fulfilled: (Matthew 27:46 And about the ninth hour Jesus
cried with a loud voice, saying, Eli, Eli, lama sabachthani? that is to
say, My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?)

Messiah would be given vinegar to drink: (Psalm 69:21 They gave me also
gall for my meat; and in my thirst they gave me vinegar to drink.)
Fulfilled: (John 19:30 When Jesus therefore had received the vinegar, he
said, It is finished: and he bowed his head, and gave up the ghost.)

Soldiers would gamble for his garments: (Psalm 22:18 They part my garments
among them, and cast lots upon my vesture.) Fulfilled: (Luke 23:34 ¶ Then
said Jesus, Father, forgive them; for they know not what they do. And they
parted his raiment, and cast lots.)

Messiah (Jesus) would pray for his enemies: We need to follow his example.
Even in death he asked God to forgive them. (Psalm 109:4 For my love they
are my adversaries: but I give myself unto prayer.) Fulfilled: (Luke 23:34
¶ Then said Jesus, Father, forgive them; for they know not what they do.
And they parted his raiment, and cast lots.)

Jesus as the Messiah would be rejected by his own people: (Isaiah 53:3 He
is despised and rejected of men; a man of sorrows, and acquainted with
grief: and we hid as it were our faces from him; he was despised, and we
esteemed him not.) Fulfilled: (John 1:11 He came unto his own, and his own
received him not.) The people of Jesus were and are the Jewish people.

Messiah would be called Immanuel: (Isaiah 7:14 Therefore the Lord himself
shall give you a sign; Behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son,
and shall call his name Immanuel.) Fulfilled: (Matthew 1:23 Behold, a
virgin shall be with child, and shall bring forth a son, and they shall
call his name Emmanuel, which being interpreted is, God with us.) His very
name says Jesus is God.

Messiah would be called a King: (Zechariah 9:9 ¶ Rejoice greatly, O
daughter of Zion; shout, O daughter of Jerusalem: behold, thy King cometh
unto thee: he is just, and having salvation; lowly, and riding upon an
ass, and upon a colt the foal of an ass.) Fulfilled: (Matthew 27:37 And
set up over his head his accusation written, THIS IS JESUS THE KING OF THE
JEWS.)

The throne of Messiah (Jesus) would be anointed and eternal: (Psalm 45:6
Thy throne, O God, is for ever and ever: the sceptre of thy kingdom is a
right sceptre.) Fulfilled: (Luke 1:33 And he shall reign over the house of
Jacob for ever; and of his kingdom there shall be no end.)

Messiah was beaten and spat upon: (Isaiah 50:6 I gave my back to the
smiters, and my cheeks to them that plucked off the hair: I hid not my
face from shame and spitting.) Fulfilled: (Matthew 26:67 Then did they
spit in his face, and buffeted him; and others smote him with the palms of
their hands,)

Messiah would come from the line of Abraham: (Genesis 12:3 And I will
bless them that bless thee, and curse him that curseth thee: and in thee
shall all families of the earth be blessed.) (Genesis 22:18 And in thy
seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed; because thou hast
obeyed my voice.) Fulfilled: (Matthew 1:1 The book of the generation of
Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham.) Notice that Genesis
22:18 says thy seed when referring to Abraham and it is singular seed and
not plural seeds. This refers to the coming of Jesus through his
descendant David and not all of the people descended from Abraham.

Messiah would be a descendant of Isaac: (Genesis 17:19 And God said, Sarah
thy wife shall bear thee a son indeed; and thou shalt call his name Isaac:
and I will establish my covenant with him for an everlasting covenant, and
with his seed after him.) (Genesis 21:12 ¶ And God said unto Abraham, Let
it not be grievous in thy sight because of the lad, and because of thy
bondwoman; in all that Sarah hath said unto thee, hearken unto her voice;
for in Isaac shall thy seed be called.) (Luke 3:34 Which was the son of
Jacob, which was the son of Isaac, which was the son of Abraham, which was
the son of Thara, which was the son of Nachor,)

Messiah would come from Jacob: (Numbers 24:17 I shall see him, but not
now: I shall behold him, but not nigh: there shall come a Star out of
Jacob, and a Sceptre shall rise out of Israel, and shall smite the corners
of Moab, and destroy all the children of Sheth.) Fulfilled: (Luke 3:34
Which was the son of Jacob, which was the son of Isaac, which was the son
of Abraham, which was the son of Thara, which was the son of Nachor,)

Messiah (Jesus) would not be believed: (Isaiah 53:1 Who hath believed our
report? and to whom is the arm of the LORD revealed?) Fulfilled: (John
12:37-38 37 ¶ But though he had done so many miracles before them, yet
they believed not on him:
38 That the saying of Esaias the prophet might be fulfilled, which he
spake, Lord, who hath believed our report? and to whom hath the arm of the
Lord been revealed?) Those who did not believe was Israel (The Jewish
people).

Messiah (Jesus) would make a triumphal entry into Jerusalem: (Zechariah
9:9 ¶ Rejoice greatly, O daughter of Zion; shout, O daughter of Jerusalem:
behold, thy King cometh unto thee: he is just, and having salvation;
lowly, and riding upon an ass, and upon a colt the foal of an ass.)
Fulfilled: (Matthew 21:4-11 All this was done, that it might be fulfilled
which was spoken by the prophet, saying,
5 Tell ye the daughter of Sion, Behold, thy King cometh unto thee, meek,
and sitting upon an ass, and a colt the foal of an ass.
6 And the disciples went, and did as Jesus commanded them,
7 And brought the ass, and the colt, and put on them their clothes, and
they set him thereon.
8 And a very great multitude spread their garments in the way; others cut
down branches from the trees, and strawed them in the way.
9 And the multitudes that went before, and that followed, cried, saying,
Hosanna to the Son of David: Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the
Lord; Hosanna in the highest.
10 And when he was come into Jerusalem, all the city was moved, saying,
Who is this?
11 And the multitude said, This is Jesus the prophet of Nazareth of
Galilee.) (Mark 11:7-11 7 And they brought the colt to Jesus, and cast
their garments on him; and he sat upon him.
8 And many spread their garments in the way: and others cut down branches
off the trees, and strawed them in the way.
9 And they that went before, and they that followed, cried, saying,
Hosanna; Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord:
10 Blessed be the kingdom of our father David, that cometh in the name of
the Lord: Hosanna in the highest.
11 And Jesus entered into Jerusalem, and into the temple: and when he had
looked round about upon all things, and now the eventide was come, he went
out unto Bethany with the twelve.) Jesus came to be the King of Israel and
was proclaimed as such, but rejected by the same people and crucified less
than a week later.

Messiah would be accused by false witnesses: (Psalm 35:11 False witnesses
did rise up; they laid to my charge things that I knew not.) Fulfilled:
(Mark 14:57-59 And there arose certain, and bare false witness against
him, saying,
58 We heard him say, I will destroy this temple that is made with hands,
and within three days I will build another made without hands.
59 But neither so did their witness agree together.)

Messiah would ascend to heaven to be at the right hand of God the Father:
(Psalm 68:18 Thou hast ascended on high, thou hast led captivity captive:
thou hast received gifts for men; yea, for the rebellious also, that the
LORD God might dwell among them.) Fulfilled: (Mark 16:19 ¶ So then after
the Lord had spoken unto them, he was received up into heaven, and sat on
the right hand of God.) (Luke 24:51 And it came to pass, while he blessed
them, he was parted from them, and carried up into heaven.) (I Corinthians
15:4 And that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day
according to the scriptures:) (Ephesians 4:8 Wherefore he saith, When he
ascended up on high, he led captivity captive, and gave gifts unto men.)

Messiah would be resurrected: (Psalm 16:10 For thou wilt not leave my soul
in hell; neither wilt thou suffer thine Holy One to see corruption.)
(Psalm 49:15 But God will redeem my soul from the power of the grave: for
he shall receive me. Selah.) Fulfilled: (Mark 16:6-7 And he saith unto
them, Be not affrighted: Ye seek Jesus of Nazareth, which was crucified:
he is risen; he is not here: behold the place where they laid him.
7 But go your way, tell his disciples and Peter that he goeth before you
into Galilee: there shall ye see him, as he said unto you.) (I Corinthians
15:4 And that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day
according to the scriptures:) Thank God for Jesus' resurrection or we
would still be dead in our sins. Your Messiah lives, unlike Mohammed or
Buddha.

Messiah would be in Egypt for a season: (Hosea 11:1 When Israel was a
child, then I loved him, and called my son out of Egypt.) Fulfilled:
(Matthew 2:14-15 When he arose, he took the young child and his mother by
night, and departed into Egypt:
15 And was there until the death of Herod: that it might be fulfilled
which was spoken of the Lord by the prophet, saying, Out of Egypt have I
called my son.)

A messenger would prepare the way for the Messiah: (Isaiah 40:3-5 3 ¶ The
voice of him that crieth in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the
LORD, make straight in the desert a highway for our God.
4 Every valley shall be exalted, and every mountain and hill shall be made
low: and the crooked shall be made straight, and the rough places plain:
5 And the glory of the LORD shall be revealed, and all flesh shall see it
together: for the mouth of the LORD hath spoken it.) Fulfilled: (Luke
3:2-6 2 Annas and Caiaphas being the high priests, the word of God came
unto John the son of Zacharias in the wilderness.
3 And he came into all the country about Jordan, preaching the baptism of
repentance for the remission of sins;
4 As it is written in the book of the words of Esaias the prophet, saying,
The voice of one crying in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the Lord,
make his paths straight.
5 Every valley shall be filled, and every mountain and hill shall be
brought low; and the crooked shall be made straight, and the rough ways
shall be made smooth;
6 And all flesh shall see the salvation of God.) John the Baptist was the
messenger.

Messiah would be preceded by a messenger (forerunner): (Malachi 3:1
Behold, I will send my messenger, and he shall prepare the way before me:
and the Lord, whom ye seek, shall suddenly come to his temple, even the
messenger of the covenant, whom ye delight in: behold, he shall come,
saith the LORD of hosts.) Fulfilled: (Luke 7:27 This is he, of whom it is
written, Behold, I send my messenger before thy face, which shall prepare
thy way before thee.) John the Baptist was the messenger (forerunner).

Messiah would be preceded by Elijah: (Malachi 4:5-6 ¶ Behold, I will send
you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of
the LORD:
6 And he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the children, and the
heart of the children to their fathers, lest I come and smite the earth
with a curse.) Fulfilled: (Matthew 11:13-14 For all the prophets and the
law prophesied until John.
14 And if ye will receive it, this is Elias, which was for to come.) Elias
is the Greek form of Elijah. Elijah will come before the Second Coming of
Jesus and will be one of the two witnesses along with Moses in Jerusalem
during the tribulation. (Revelation 11:3-4 3 And I will give power unto my
two witnesses, and they shall prophesy a thousand two hundred and
threescore days, clothed in sackcloth.
4 These are the two olive trees, and the two candlesticks standing before
the God of the earth.) (Zechariah 4:11 ¶ Then answered I, and said unto
him, What are these two olive trees upon the right side of the candlestick
and upon the left side thereof?) (Zechariah 4:14 Then said he, These are
the two anointed ones, that stand by the Lord of the whole earth.)

There would be a slaughter of children: (Jeremiah 31:15 ¶ Thus saith the
LORD; A voice was heard in Ramah, lamentation, and bitter weeping; Rahel
weeping for her children refused to be comforted for her children, because
they were not.) Rahel is Rachel. Fulfilled: (Matthew 2:16-18 ¶ Then Herod,
when he saw that he was mocked of the wise men, was exceeding wroth, and
sent forth, and slew all the children that were in Bethlehem, and in all
the coasts thereof, from two years old and under, according to the time
which he had diligently enquired of the wise men.
17 Then was fulfilled that which was spoken by Jeremy the prophet, saying,
18 In Rama was there a voice heard, lamentation, and weeping, and great
mourning, Rachel weeping for her children, and would not be comforted,
because they are not.) Jeremy is the prophet Jeremiah.

Messiah would bind up the brokenhearted: (Isaiah 61:1-2 1 The Spirit of
the Lord GOD is upon me; because the LORD hath anointed me to preach good
tidings unto the meek; he hath sent me to bind up the brokenhearted, to
proclaim liberty to the captives, and the opening of the prison to them
that are bound;
2 To proclaim the acceptable year of the LORD, and the day of vengeance of
our God; to comfort all that mourn;) Fulfilled: (Luke 4:17-21 17 And there
was delivered unto him the book of the prophet Esaias. And when he had
opened the book, he found the place where it was written,
18 The Spirit of the Lord is upon me, because he hath anointed me to
preach the gospel to the poor; he hath sent me to heal the brokenhearted,
to preach deliverance to the captives, and recovering of sight to the
blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised,
19 To preach the acceptable year of the Lord.
20 And he closed the book, and he gave it again to the minister, and sat
down. And the eyes of all them that were in the synagogue were fastened on
him.
21 And he began to say unto them, This day is this scripture fulfilled in
your ears.) Esaias is the Greek form of Isaiah.

Messiah would be praised by little children: (Psalm 8:2 Out of the mouth
of babes and sucklings hast thou ordained strength because of thine
enemies, that thou mightest still the enemy and the avenger.) Fulfilled:
(Matthew 21:16 And said unto him, Hearest thou what these say? And Jesus
saith unto them, Yea; have ye never read, Out of the mouth of babes and
sucklings thou hast perfected praise?)

Messiah would be heir to the throne of David: (II Samuel 7:12-13 ¶ And
when thy days be fulfilled, and thou shalt sleep with thy fathers, I will
set up thy seed after thee, which shall proceed out of thy bowels, and I
will establish his kingdom.
13 He shall build an house for my name, and I will stablish the throne of
his kingdom for ever.) (Isaiah 9:7 Of the increase of his government and
peace there shall be no end, upon the throne of David, and upon his
kingdom, to order it, and to establish it with judgment and with justice
from henceforth even for ever. The zeal of the LORD of hosts will perform
this.) Fulfilled: (Luke 1:32-33 He shall be great, and shall be called the
Son of the Highest: and the Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his
father David:
33 And he shall reign over the house of Jacob for ever; and of his kingdom
there shall be no end.) (Romans 1:3 Concerning his Son Jesus Christ our
Lord, which was made of the seed of David according to the flesh;)

There are many other prophecies as well. Many say that Jesus had
control over fulfilling these and other Messianic prophesies. Jesus did
have control over a few, but one does not have control over many of these
prophecies unless they are God as Jesus is. Many examples are one has no
control over where they are born, being born of a virgin, the lineage you
come from, where you are buried, who he was crucified with, being seated
at the right hand of God, being pierced in his side, not having his bones
broken, being betrayed by a friend and for thirty pieces of silver,
soldiers gambling over his garment, being hated without a cause, being
forsaken by God the Father, being the Prophet as foretold by Moses, and
many other things. Only one man could and did fulfill all these things.
The God man Jesus, who controls all things. Jesus is the Jewish Messiah.
We await his Second Coming. If you are a Jew and have not received Jesus
as your Saviour, please call upon him now before it is too late. Ye must
be born again the same way as all Gentiles. You do not automatically go to
heaven just because as a Jew you are one of God's chosen people. The
evidence has been presented before you that Jesus is the Messiah and God
rejected by Israel. (See What must I do to be saved (be born again), have
eternal life and go to heaven? and Why we must be born again)

Do not be like the Jews of Jesus' day and reject him. They rejected
their Creator, Saviour and Messiah.  Choose Jesus and become a son (child)
of God. (John 1:10-12 10 He was in the world, and the world was made by
him, and the world knew him not. 11 He came unto his own, and his own
received him not.
12 But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons
of God, even to them that believe on his name:) These verses speak of your
Messiah, Jesus Christ who is God and Lord. 

For more information and resources on this see Jews For Jesus at
https://jewsforjesus.org/ and Friends of Israel at https://www.foi.org/.
The Friends of Israel have a great magazine showing Jesus is your Messiah
called Israel My Glory. See https://israelmyglory.org/. Both of these
ministries have great resources for Jews seeking to know their Messiah and
they show you he is Jesus. Note that neither of these ministries use the
King James Bible which is a disapointment, so use a King James Bible when
comparing scripture. Another good ministry for Jews seeking answers is
Chosen People Ministries, though they also unfortunately do not use the
King James Bible. They have some helpful books including one on Isaiah 53
(free download) and the connection to Messiah. Their website is
https://www.chosenpeople.com/site/ and https://www.isaiah53.com/. 

Precious Jewish souls, leave the false traditions of Judaism and turn
to the truth of Christianity. Becoming a Christian does not make you no
longer a Jew anymore, it just makes you a saved Jew. Jesus himself was a
Jew. You may still follow the Jewish feasts such as passover and the feast
of tabernacles (Sukkot), but now you will understand the true meanings
behind them. Remember these verses. Do not hate me because I tell you the
truth. I tell you the truth because I love you and so that you may be
saved and in heaven with your Messiah Jesus someday. (Galatians 4:16 Am I
therefore become your enemy, because I tell you the truth?) Judaism means
well, but it is vain traditions just as the Pharisees of Jesus' days.
Jesus said in (Mark 7:6-9 6 He answered and said unto them, Well hath
Esaias prophesied of you hypocrites, as it is written, This people
honoureth me with their lips, but their heart is far from me.
7 Howbeit in vain do they worship me, teaching for doctrines the
commandments of men.
8 For laying aside the commandment of God, ye hold the tradition of men,
as the washing of pots and cups: and many other such like things ye do.
9 And he said unto them, Full well ye reject the commandment of God, that
ye may keep your own tradition.) Please do not worship God in vain, but
repent and call upon his Son Jesus today, your Messiah, to save you and be
your Lord and Saviour. (Colossians 2:8 Beware lest any man spoil you
through philosophy and vain deceit, after the tradition of men, after the
rudiments of the world, and not after Christ.) 

Search for: _____________________  [ Search ]

Recent Comments

Archives

Categories

• No categories

Meta

• Log in
• Entries feed
• Comments feed
• WordPress.org

Created my free logo at LogoMakr.com

Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Copyright (c) 2024 Jesus is God and Lord Ministries | Credits
Powered by Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

