Link: profile
Link: dns-prefetch
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Feed (alternate)
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Comments Feed (alternate)
Link: preconnect
Link: preconnect
Link: https://api.w.org/
Link: alternate
Link: RSD (EditURI)
Link: canonical
Link: shortlink
Link: alternate
Link: alternate
Skip to content
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Ye Must Be Born Again

Main Menu

• HOME
• STORE
• ABOUT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD MINISTRIES
• BELIEFS
• CONTACT
• KING JAMES BIBLE TO READ AND LISTEN TO
• KING JAMES BIBLE WORDS AND PHRASES DEFINED
• WHY WE MUST BE BORN AGAIN
• WHAT MUST I DO TO BE SAVED (BE BORN AGAIN), HAVE ETERNAL LIFE AND GO
TO HEAVEN?
• NOW THAT I AM A BORN AGAIN CHRISTIAN, HOW DO I GROW (MATURE)?
• PROOF THAT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD
• SERMONS AND SCRIPTURE LESSONSMenu Toggle

• 3:16 Verses
• Abraham the obedient father and type of God the Father
• According to the word of the LORD
• Alleged Contradictions in Scripture
• Angels and spiritual beings
• Animals Teaching Man  
• Be like Jesus
• Be Thankful
• Bread in Scripture
• Christian Martyrs for Jesus
• Colors in Scripture
• Curse Israel and you will be cursed
• Dangers of Calvinism
• Deadliest battles in scripture
• Deserts in scripture and in our lives
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism
• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freedom and Liberty come from God
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise
• From the resurrection to the ascension
• Genealogies of Jesus
• Gifts of the Holy Ghost
• God is Light
• God is Love
• God the Holy Ghost
• Halloween and the connection to Satan
• Honour Thy Mother
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus is the door that all must enter for everlasting life
• Jesus is the Light of the World and Christians Should Reflect
that Light
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jesus versus Mohammad
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Jonah
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Jude
• Malachi   
• Martyrs in the Lord's Army
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Nahum
• Nehemiah 3 and the ten gates of the Jerusalem wall
• Obadiah
• Our Nation Was Founded Upon God
• Philemon
• Prayer
• Pre-incarnate Appearances of Jesus (Theophanies)
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Proof that Jesus is God
• Prophecies Fulfilled by Jesus at his First Coming
• Prophecies of the Second Coming of Jesus
• Psalm 23
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines
• Santa is Satan and his little elves are devils
• Serve in the Lord's Army
• Seven Vial Judgments of Revelation
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  
• Star of Bethlehem
• Thankful people in scripture  
• The Battle of Gog and Magog
• The Books of God
• The Crucifixion of Jesus
• The Egyptian gods and goddesses of the ten plagues and their
judgment and defeat by the God of gods
• The Exodus   
• The Good Samaritan
• The Gospel in Stone
• The Gospel in the Stars
• The Greatest Father Anyone Can Have And Everyone Needs
• The Handwriting of God
• The Illegal Trial of Jesus
• The King James Bible Built-in Dictionary
• The Miracles at the Crucifixion of Jesus
• The New Year's resolutions that need to be kept
• The Number Seven in Scripture
• The Number Three in Scripture  
• The Riotous Son
• The True Creationism of the Scriptures versus False Theories
• The Unscriptural Flat Earth Theory
• The Unscriptural Lucifer Flood  
• The Widow Woman and the Oil  
• The Word Became Flesh
• Types of the Holy Ghost in scripture
• Was Jesus born on Christmas?
• Was Jesus Crucified on Friday?
• Water in Scripture
• Weather in scripture
• Who are the sons of God of Genesis 6?
• Work is from God
• Worshipping God in psalms, hymns, and spiritual songs
• Zephaniah

• VIDEOS
• HYMNS
• FOR PRECIOUS JEWISH SOULSMenu Toggle

• Meet the Jewish Messiah
• False Religion of Judaism
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  

• FOR PRECIOUS ROMAN CATHOLIC SOULSMenu Toggle

• False Doctrines of Roman Catholicism
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• CULTSMenu Toggle

• Roman CatholicismMenu Toggle

• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism

• FALSE RELIGIONSMenu Toggle

• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise

• RECOMMENDED BOOKS FOR READING
• LINKS
• CHECKOUT
• New items are available in the store for purchase.

0

Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews

People ask if God exists. God has shown that he exists by his very
creation yet many atheists ignore what is in front of them. I am going to
show how even if you ignore God's creation and changed lives in Christians
then there is one thing that you will not be able to deny and ignore even
if you hate them. (Romans 1:20 For the invisible things of him from the
creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things
that are made, even his eternal power and Godhead; so that they are
without excuse:) This sermon will show that God does exist and I can prove
it with just two words: The Jews. The Jewish people are God's chosen
people and have been since they were founded as a nation and will remain
God's chosen people forever. The Jews have not been replaced by the church
in what is known as replacement theology which many falsely teach. The
Jews and the church each have their own place with the Jews as the
firstborn son of God and the church as the bride of Jesus. (Exodus 4:22
And thou shalt say unto Pharaoh, Thus saith the LORD, Israel is my son,
even my firstborn:) (Revelation 21:9 And there came unto me one of the
seven angels which had the seven vials full of the seven last plagues, and
talked with me, saying, Come hither, I will shew thee the bride, the
Lamb's wife.) The Lamb is Jesus as seen in John. (John 1:29 ¶ The next day
John seeth Jesus coming unto him, and saith, Behold the Lamb of God, which
taketh away the sin of the world.) (John 1:36 And looking upon Jesus as he
walked, he saith, Behold the Lamb of God!)

God has been with Israel from the beginning and is still with Israel
today and will be in the future as well. God said many times that Israel
needed to be destroyed due to their sins just as he had done with other
nations that no longer exist, but because he had made a promise to
preserve them he never did and never will. This does not give Israel free
reign to sin as God many times has allowed Israel to be taken captive by
heathen Gentile nations, but he never let the nation be completely
destroyed. Every time they repented then God freed them, but Israel soon
went back into sin and then God would allow a nation to control Israel and
this cycle would continue. Finally God had the people disbursed among the
nations and Israel only became a nation once again in 1948. By the time of
the formation of Israel as a nation again in 1948 the Jews had been
dispersed to every continent. No people had ever been so scattered and yet
still retained their heritage, culture, language, religion, and other
things. Many people tried to prevent Israel from becoming a nation, but
God intervened. For such a small nation Israel has been greatly blessed.
Israel has had far more Nobel prize winners than should be for such a
small nation. Israel blossoms in the desert with many crops when her Arab
nations languish. No other people group has been dispersed for so many
years the way Israel was and then became a nation once again almost 1900
years later. The same applies to the Hebrew language which they still
speak yet many other leading languages died off. No other dead language
has ever become alive again the way Hebrew which seemed dead has survived.
God has blessed many Jews with wealth, businesses and other success. Many
physicians, lawyers, and businessmen are Jews far more than what should be
for how many exist. The very fact that they even exist after how much they
have been attacked shows God exists, let alone how God has also let many
of them prosper.

Many times over the years right from the start of Israel then nation
after nation has wanted and tried to destroy Israel. Satan hates Israel
since they are God's chosen people and the Messiah Jesus would and did
come from Israel. Satan has led leaders to try and destroy Israel, but God
would never allow it. This is the same reason Satan instills in people to
hate the Jews when they do not even know why they hate them. Israel grew
as a nation from just seventy people as they settled in Egypt due to
famine at the time of Joseph. As the nation grew, the Egyptian pharaoh
feared they would one day overthrow him so the Israelites were made
slaves. The pharaoh around the time of the birth of Moses ordered all male
children killed yet God protected many of them including Moses and allowed
the Jewish women to have many more babies than the Egyptians. This
Egyptian control lasted for four hundred years until God sent Moses to
free the people and lead them out of Egypt. God brought the ten plagues
against Egypt before pharaoh finally gave in and released the Israelites.
Many of these plagues only affected the Egyptians and not the Israelites.
As they departed, pharaoh changed his mind and chased after the
Israelites. When the Israelites got to the Red sea and were surrounded by
water and the Egyptians with what seemed no hope, then God opened up the
Red sea to allow the Israelites to cross over on dry ground and after they
had finished crossing over then he drowned all of the Egyptians. Before
crossing the Red sea the people were told by Moses that God would fight
for them. (Exodus 14:14 The LORD shall fight for you, and ye shall hold
your peace.) God then led them through the wilderness for forty years
before finally bringing them into the Promised Land. Only Israel has land
guaranteed to them by God. No other nation does or ever has or ever will,
except Israel.

During Israel's time in the wilderness, God had them defeat giants
such as Og who was the king of Bashan as well as other nations. God
provided water for them on more than one occasion by sending forth water
from a rock as well as fed them with manna from heaven. God never did this
with anyone else. Their clothes and shoes never wore out for the forty
years they wandered in the wilderness and God led them by day by clouds to
keep the heat off of them and fire by night. One time while in the
wilderness when they were fighting the Amelekites, then God was with
Israel as whenever they held Moses' hands up they prevailed and if they
did not then they were losing. God was showing Israel to trust in him and
not in themselves. (Exodus 17:11 And it came to pass, when Moses held up
his hand, that Israel prevailed: and when he let down his hand, Amalek
prevailed.)  

One time the Israelites under the leadership of Joshua were fighting
the Amorites when God lengthened the day so that Israel could defeat their
enemy the Amorites in the daylight. These verses clearly show God fought
for Israel. (Joshua 10:12-14 12 ¶ Then spake Joshua to the LORD in the day
when the LORD delivered up the Amorites before the children of Israel, and
he said in the sight of Israel, Sun, stand thou still upon Gibeon; and
thou, Moon, in the valley of Ajalon.
13 And the sun stood still, and the moon stayed, until the people had
avenged themselves upon their enemies. Is not this written in the book of
Jasher? So the sun stood still in the midst of heaven, and hasted not to
go down about a whole day.
14 And there was no day like that before it or after it, that the
LORD hearkened unto the voice of a man: for the LORD fought for Israel.)
There were five kings among the Amorites fighting against Israel, but
Israel defeated them all since God was fighting for them. (Joshua 10:8 ¶
And the LORD said unto Joshua, Fear them not: for I have delivered them
into thine hand; there shall not a man of them stand before thee.) (Joshua
10:42 And all these kings and their land did Joshua take at one time,
because the LORD God of Israel fought for Israel.)

We are told in Deuteronomy 33:29 that God is the shield of Israel.
Time and again God has defended Israel from enemies. (Deuteronomy 33:29
Happy art thou, O Israel: who is like unto thee, O people saved by the
LORD, the shield of thy help, and who is the sword of thy excellency! and
thine enemies shall be found liars unto thee; and thou shalt tread upon
their high places.)

God brought the fear of him upon the people of the nations in the
Promised Land and allowed the Israelites under Joshua to conquer the
nations. The people had heard of the exploits that God had done for Israel
before the Israelites arrived and they feared Israel. (Joshua 4:24 That
all the people of the earth might know the hand of the LORD, that it is
mighty: that ye might fear the LORD your God for ever.) God told Joshua
not to fear to take Ai as he had delivered the people into their hands.
God did the fighting for Israel. (Joshua 8:1 And the LORD said unto
Joshua, Fear not, neither be thou dismayed: take all the people of war
with thee, and arise, go up to Ai: see, I have given into thy hand the
king of Ai, and his people, and his city, and his land:)

God had predicted that the Jews would be scattered and that they
would also be brought back to their land as has been done today. Many Jews
continue to return to Israel. There are over seven million Jews in Israel
today out of a little over fifteen million Jews worldwide. (Jeremiah 30:11
For I am with thee, saith the LORD, to save thee: though I make a full end
of all nations whither I have scattered thee, yet will I not make a full
end of thee: but I will correct thee in measure, and will not leave thee
altogether unpunished.) We see in this verse in Jeremiah that even when
God allowed Israel to be punished and scattered then he was still with
them. He will never leave them, but God does allow Israel to be punished.
(Isaiah 11:12 And he shall set up an ensign for the nations, and shall
assemble the outcasts of Israel, and gather together the dispersed of
Judah from the four corners of the earth.) The fact that prophecy is
fulfilled is one thing that not only shows that scripture is from God, but
that God exists and is in control. Only God could know the future
especially far in advance as seen in many verses related to Israel and the
Jewish people. God said that as long as the sun comes up then the Jews
would exist showing that he will never let them be destroyed. (Jeremiah
31:35-37 35 ¶ Thus saith the LORD, which giveth the sun for a light by
day, and the ordinances of the moon and of the stars for a light by night,
which divideth the sea when the waves thereof roar; The LORD of
hosts is his name:
36 If those ordinances depart from before me, saith the LORD, then the
seed of Israel also shall cease from being a nation before me for ever.
37 Thus saith the LORD; If heaven above can be measured, and the
foundations of the earth searched out beneath, I will also cast off all
the seed of Israel for all that they have done, saith the LORD.)

Jesus who is God predicted that Jerusalem would be under the rule of
the Gentiles until he allowed Israel to regain control of it. (Luke 21:24
And they shall fall by the edge of the sword, and shall be led away
captive into all nations: and Jerusalem shall be trodden down of the
Gentiles, until the times of the Gentiles be fulfilled.) The Jews lost
control of Jerusalem around AD 70-72 when the Romans destroyed it and took
control and kicked the Jews out. Israel only regained control in 1967
following the Six Day War against the Arabs.

Many Jewish prophecies concerning the Jewish Messiah were fulfilled
in Jesus Christ. Scripture itself was written by Jews and still exists
today as the all-time bestselling book even though many have tried to
destroy it over the years. 

After God brought the Israelites out of the wilderness into the
Promised Land then under the leadership of Joshua they fought against
Jericho and destroyed it by God having them march around the city. God had
the walls fall outward so that the Israelites could climb up the debris
into the city. Normally walls fall inward during an attack. This was
clearly the hand of God. (Joshua 6:20 So the people shouted when the
priests blew with the trumpets: and it came to pass, when the people heard
the sound of the trumpet, and the people shouted with a great shout, that
the wall fell down flat, so that the people went up into the city, every
man straight before him, and they took the city.)

God used Gideon and his 300 man army to go against 135,000 Midianites
and they killed 120,000 of them. God said he intentionally had Gideon's
army small to show that he would do the fighting for Israel. No one could
defeat an army that outnumbers you by this great a margin unless God is in
control fighting for you. (Judges 7:7 And the LORD said unto Gideon, By
the three hundred men that lapped will I save you, and deliver the
Midianites into thine hand: and let all the other people go every man unto
his place.) (Judges 8:10 ¶ Now Zebah and Zalmunna were in Karkor, and
their hosts with them, about fifteen thousand men, all that were left of
all the hosts of the children of the east: for there fell an hundred and
twenty thousand men that drew sword.)

God not only protected the nation of Israel, but also many individual
Israelites. God protected the three Hebrew boys of Shadrach, Meshach, and
Abednego when they were cast into the fiery furnace by Nebuchadnezzar.
Jesus himself was in the fiery furnace with them. They came out without
any injuries or even a smell of smoke on them. (Daniel 3:25 He answered
and said, Lo, I see four men loose, walking in the midst of the fire, and
they have no hurt; and the form of the fourth is like the Son of God.) You
cannot be in a fire without getting burned or be around smoke without
smelling like smoke unless God is fighting for you. God also protected
Daniel when he was cast into the den of lions filled with hungry lions.
Daniel also came out without any harm done yet those cast in after were
torn apart. (Daniel 6:23-24 23 Then was the king exceeding glad for him,
and commanded that they should take Daniel up out of the den. So Daniel
was taken up out of the den, and no manner of hurt was found upon him,
because he believed in his God.

24 ¶ And the king commanded, and they brought those men which had accused
Daniel, and they cast them into the den of lions, them, their children,
and their wives; and the lions had the mastery of them, and brake all
their bones in pieces or ever they came at the bottom of the den.)

Israel has seen many miracles by God throughout its history such as
the drying up of the Jordan River to allow the Israelites to cross into
the Promised Land. God was with them in the ark of the covenant as it was
taken into battle. God allowed a single man David to kill a giant in
Goliath and then allowed the Israelites to destroy the Philistines. God
was with Judah as Judah was surrounded by the Assyrian army. God sent the
angel of the LORD who was the pre-incarnate Jesus who killed 185,000
Assyrians and saved Jerusalem which had been besieged so the people were
starving. (II Kings 19:35 ¶ And it came to pass that night, that the angel
of the LORD went out, and smote in the camp of the Assyrians an hundred
fourscore and five thousand: and when they arose early in the morning,
behold, they were all dead corpses.) God had the Philistines suffer with
emerods (hemorrhoids) after they captured the ark of the covenant and he
destroyed the idol of their god Dagon who fell before the true God of
Israel in Jehovah. Bad things happen to those who fight against Israel. (I
Samuel 5:4 And when they arose early on the morrow morning, behold, Dagon
was fallen upon his face to the ground before the ark of the LORD; and the
head of Dagon and both the palms of his hands were cut off upon the
threshold; only the stump of Dagon was left to him.) It is clear God
showed the false god Dagon who was the true God. Even when God allows
Israel to be punished by enemies, God always punishes the enemies as well
such as following the seventy year captivity of the Jews by Israel then
God had Babylon captured by the Medo-Persian Empire.

The Syrians had besieged Samaria which was the capital of Israel so
that people were eating their children to survive. God made a noise so
that the Syrians believed they were under attack by the Hittites and
Egyptians and so they fled and left all of their weapons and clothes and
food. Two lepers found all of it and then the people had food once again.
(II Kings 7:6 For the Lord had made the host of the Syrians to hear a
noise of chariots, and a noise of horses, even the noise of a great host:
and they said one to another, Lo, the king of Israel hath hired against us
the kings of the Hittites, and the kings of the Egyptians, to come upon
us.)

The entire book of Esther is about how God fought and saved the Jews
from the wicked Haman.

For those who refuse to believe anything found in scripture then
believe secular history that still shows the intervention by God in the
lives of the Jews. People have long sought to destroy the Jews. Many
nations placed the Jews in ghettos or had them wear markings showing they
were Jews. Many nations such as England and Spain at one time expelled all
Jews. When that happened the nation that expelled them always went down.
Spain lost her empire and the United Kingdom would as well as she had
fought to keep Israel from becoming its own nation. It was the fact that
the United Kingdom had turned her back on Israel and toward her enemies
the Arabs that the British Empire began to crumble and basically no longer
exists today except for a few small territories. God said if you bless
Israel he would bless you and curse those who cursed Israel. This has been
seen over and over throughout secular history as well as biblical history.
(Genesis 12:3 And I will bless them that bless thee, and curse him that
curseth thee: and in thee shall all families of the earth be blessed.) The
Moabite king Balak asked Balaam to curse Israel, but God instead placed
the curse on Moab and blessed Israel. (Numbers 24:10 ¶ And Balak's anger
was kindled against Balaam, and he smote his hands together: and Balak
said unto Balaam, I called thee to curse mine enemies, and, behold, thou
hast altogether blessed them these three times.)

Over the years many laws have been passed by nations against the Jews
that were meant to destroy them yet God instead prospered them so that
many of the rich people were Jews. The more nations have tried to get rid
of them then it seems the more they thrive. Nations forbid Jews to observe
their religion and customs, but did not forbid other groups theirs yet
these things still survive today. The Roman Catholic Church tried to
destroy many Jews in the Crusades and the Inquisitions. Hitler and others
during World War II tried to destroy all of the Jews killing over six
million yet they did not succeed with there being over fifteen million in
the world today. Many nations including the United States of America have
suffered because they have tried to force Israel to give up land for a
Palestinian state. These nations have often seen the wrath of God against
them within twenty four hours. This never happens with other nations
whereas with Israel it happens over and over again. God will have storms
pop up out of nowhere or other means to wreak his havoc. Many have tried
to kill the Jews, but they cannot as God fights for them.

The Maccabees were Jews who fought against the Seleucid Empire to
gain freedom then after they cleansed the temple they lit a menorah and
only had enough oil for one day yet God miraculously kept it lit for the
full eight days of the feast. Jesus celebrated the feast of Hanukah which
came from this where in scripture it is called the feast of the
dedication. (John 10:22 ¶ And it was at Jerusalem the feast of the
dedication, and it was winter.)

Israel has seen many miracles by God in her modern wars as well. In
May 1948 Israel was reformed as a nation in one day just as God had
predicted. (Isaiah 66:8-10 8 Who hath heard such a thing? who hath seen
such things? Shall the earth be made to bring forth in one day? or shall a
nation be born at once? for as soon as Zion travailed, she brought forth
her children.
9 Shall I bring to the birth, and not cause to bring forth? saith the
LORD: shall I cause to bring forth, and shut the womb? saith thy God.
10 Rejoice ye with Jerusalem, and be glad with her, all ye that love her:
rejoice for joy with her, all ye that mourn for her:) No other nation has
ever become one in one day. Normally you have to fight for it. Almost
immediately all of the Arab nations around Israel attacked. Israel was
vastly outnumbered and had very few weapons and should have suffered a
quick defeat yet God brought victory time and again as well as in Israel's
following wars where Israel also should have been easily destroyed. In the
Independence War in 1948 an Israeli platoon fought against Jordan on Mt.
Zion and was down to 25 rounds of ammunition left and was resorting to
throwing rocks. Just as all hope seemed gone the Jordanians suddenly ran
off. Years later it was discovered that they had seen a giant image of
what they said was Abraham who was protecting Israel. Just as God had
spread rumors to Israel's enemies in the past so did he in this war.
Israel had gotten a weapon known as the Davidka which was very
ineffective, but was very noisy. It was being used in the battle for Safed
where the Arabs believed the noise was from an atomic bomb so they quickly
left giving the city to Israel.

During the Six Day War during a tank battle in a minefield God
brought a wind storm that soon uncovered all of the Arabs mines which
allowed the Israeli tanks and troops to safely get through the mine field.
Also during this war in the Battle for the Golan Heights then Israel
expected over 35,000 casualties against over 70,000 Syrians yet God gave
them victory in seven hours with few casualties. The Israelis also fought
in Shechem where the Arabs vowed the day before to fight to the death
bringing much blood shed to Israel. It was said that every house had
weapons yet God placed a fear of him upon the Arabs and they all fled and
Israel took control of the city.

Israel was attacked during the Yom Kippur War while most of the
troops were off duty celebrating. This surprise attack when Israel was
defenseless should have led to a quick victory for the Arabs yet God
quickly turned it into an Israeli victory including Israel going about 12
miles into Syrian enemy territory by wars end. During this war during a
tank battle in the Golan Heights in which three Israeli tanks fought
against 150 Syrian tanks then a miracle happened. The Israeli tanks were
out of shells and just when all hope seemed loss the Syrians scrambled. It
was later told by Syrian soldiers that angels were behind the Israeli
tanks guarding them.

During the Persian Gulf War in 1991 Saddam Hussein the Iraqi leader
had threatened to gas Israel. The gas attacks never came as God sent
unusual weather at this time when he had the wind which usually blew from
Iraq to Israel reverse itself and blow from Israel to Iraq. Any gas attack
on Israel would have also been on Iraq.

Israel will be attacked in the future by Russia and Arab nations in
the Battle of Gog and Magog and God will once again intervene
supernaturally destroying two thirds of the enemy. (Ezekiel 39:2 And I
will turn thee back, and leave but the sixth part of thee, and will cause
thee to come up from the north parts, and will bring thee upon the
mountains of Israel:) God will also intervene when Satan by the antichrist
tries to destroy Israel during the tribulation, but God will
supernaturally protect them in what is believed to most likely be Petra,
Jordan.

Over and over again throughout history people and nations have tried
to destroy both the nation of Israel as well as the Jewish people. No
people have suffered more than them yet God continues to protect them and
they continue to not only survive, but thrive. For a nation and a people
that should have been destroyed long ago and been a part of history they
continue to exist as God has and does continue to fight for them. If God
is on your side then you cannot lose. God has done many more miracles for
Israel then I have shown. God has many plans still for Israel and these
will all be fulfilled as well. Israel in her modern wars has normally been
vastly outnumbered yet has never been defeated and has suffered very few
deaths and injuries compared to not only her enemies, but also compared to
being so outnumbered and the wars were never that long. Israel has been
surrounded by enemies throughout most of its history yet survives. No
nation has seen so many miracles as has Israel and that have been
throughout her history even up till today. No explanation could be for the
many miracles that have occurred involving the nation and the Jewish
people except for it being that God exists and fights for his chosen
people. Those who deny the obvious that God exists which can be clearly
seen in the Jews are as God says fools. (Psalm 53:1 The fool hath said in
his heart, There is no God. Corrupt are they, and have done abominable
iniquity: there is none that doeth good.) I have shown that God exists in
just two words in the Jews. God must exist or else the Jews would not
exist today. No other group of people has endured so much attack by Satan
yet still survives. The Jews exist and so does God. The proof is in the
Jews. The fact the Jews exist also shows that God keeps his promises. Let
us pray for the Jews, Israel, and the peace of Jerusalem and worship a God
that does exist with evidence seen in the existence of the Jews. (Psalm
122:6 Pray for the peace of Jerusalem: they shall prosper that love thee.)
For any Jews that may be listening, please realize that the God that has
protected you and fought for you all of these years is none other than the
Lord Jesus Christ who is your Messiah whom your forefathers rejected. Turn
to Jesus today and be saved. Read Isaiah 53 and my sermons Proof that
Jesus is God and Prophecies fulfilled by Jesus at his first coming. 

Search for: _____________________  [ Search ]

Recent Comments

Archives

Categories

• No categories

Meta

• Log in
• Entries feed
• Comments feed
• WordPress.org

Created my free logo at LogoMakr.com

Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Copyright (c) 2024 Jesus is God and Lord Ministries | Credits
Powered by Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

