Link: profile
Link: dns-prefetch
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Feed (alternate)
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Comments Feed (alternate)
Link: preconnect
Link: preconnect
Link: https://api.w.org/
Link: alternate
Link: RSD (EditURI)
Link: canonical
Link: shortlink
Link: alternate
Link: alternate
Skip to content
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Ye Must Be Born Again

Main Menu

• HOME
• STORE
• ABOUT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD MINISTRIES
• BELIEFS
• CONTACT
• KING JAMES BIBLE TO READ AND LISTEN TO
• KING JAMES BIBLE WORDS AND PHRASES DEFINED
• WHY WE MUST BE BORN AGAIN
• WHAT MUST I DO TO BE SAVED (BE BORN AGAIN), HAVE ETERNAL LIFE AND GO
TO HEAVEN?
• NOW THAT I AM A BORN AGAIN CHRISTIAN, HOW DO I GROW (MATURE)?
• PROOF THAT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD
• SERMONS AND SCRIPTURE LESSONSMenu Toggle

• 3:16 Verses
• Abraham the obedient father and type of God the Father
• According to the word of the LORD
• Alleged Contradictions in Scripture
• Angels and spiritual beings
• Animals Teaching Man  
• Be like Jesus
• Be Thankful
• Bread in Scripture
• Christian Martyrs for Jesus
• Colors in Scripture
• Curse Israel and you will be cursed
• Dangers of Calvinism
• Deadliest battles in scripture
• Deserts in scripture and in our lives
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism
• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freedom and Liberty come from God
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise
• From the resurrection to the ascension
• Genealogies of Jesus
• Gifts of the Holy Ghost
• God is Light
• God is Love
• God the Holy Ghost
• Halloween and the connection to Satan
• Honour Thy Mother
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus is the door that all must enter for everlasting life
• Jesus is the Light of the World and Christians Should Reflect
that Light
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jesus versus Mohammad
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Jonah
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Jude
• Malachi   
• Martyrs in the Lord's Army
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Nahum
• Nehemiah 3 and the ten gates of the Jerusalem wall
• Obadiah
• Our Nation Was Founded Upon God
• Philemon
• Prayer
• Pre-incarnate Appearances of Jesus (Theophanies)
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Proof that Jesus is God
• Prophecies Fulfilled by Jesus at his First Coming
• Prophecies of the Second Coming of Jesus
• Psalm 23
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines
• Santa is Satan and his little elves are devils
• Serve in the Lord's Army
• Seven Vial Judgments of Revelation
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  
• Star of Bethlehem
• Thankful people in scripture  
• The Battle of Gog and Magog
• The Books of God
• The Crucifixion of Jesus
• The Egyptian gods and goddesses of the ten plagues and their
judgment and defeat by the God of gods
• The Exodus   
• The Good Samaritan
• The Gospel in Stone
• The Gospel in the Stars
• The Greatest Father Anyone Can Have And Everyone Needs
• The Handwriting of God
• The Illegal Trial of Jesus
• The King James Bible Built-in Dictionary
• The Miracles at the Crucifixion of Jesus
• The New Year's resolutions that need to be kept
• The Number Seven in Scripture
• The Number Three in Scripture  
• The Riotous Son
• The True Creationism of the Scriptures versus False Theories
• The Unscriptural Flat Earth Theory
• The Unscriptural Lucifer Flood  
• The Widow Woman and the Oil  
• The Word Became Flesh
• Types of the Holy Ghost in scripture
• Was Jesus born on Christmas?
• Was Jesus Crucified on Friday?
• Water in Scripture
• Weather in scripture
• Who are the sons of God of Genesis 6?
• Work is from God
• Worshipping God in psalms, hymns, and spiritual songs
• Zephaniah

• VIDEOS
• HYMNS
• FOR PRECIOUS JEWISH SOULSMenu Toggle

• Meet the Jewish Messiah
• False Religion of Judaism
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  

• FOR PRECIOUS ROMAN CATHOLIC SOULSMenu Toggle

• False Doctrines of Roman Catholicism
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• CULTSMenu Toggle

• Roman CatholicismMenu Toggle

• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism

• FALSE RELIGIONSMenu Toggle

• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise

• RECOMMENDED BOOKS FOR READING
• LINKS
• CHECKOUT
• New items are available in the store for purchase.

0

The Unscriptural Lucifer Flood  

Many people claim that the earth was flooded with a global flood
twice when scripture says only once. They say that Noah's flood or the
Noahic flood was the second global flood and not the first. They claim the
earth saw an earlier global flood that is referred to as Lucifer's flood,
the Luciferian flood, or Lucifer flood. They twist verses in scripture to
try and support this alleged earlier flood. I am going to show you that
scripture does not support a Lucifer flood.

The beliefs of those who believe in the Lucifer flood vary slightly
on some accounts and so I will be showing the most common beliefs. Those
who believe in the Lucifer flood normally also believe in the Gap Theory
also known as the ruin-restoration theory. I have previously taught on the
Gap Theory in my sermon The True Creationism of the Scriptures versus
False Theories. The Gap Theory states that there is a gap between Genesis
1:1 and 1:2 and most believe this gap was billions of years making the
earth billions of years old just as evolutionary scientists teach. A few
say it is only millions of years or even fewer thousands of years. Those
who believe in the Gap Theory say that God created the heaven and the
earth as seen in verse 1 and that Lucifer was the ruler of this earth and
he ruled over a supposed pre-Adamic race of people. They say Lucifer ruled
for billions of years or a long period of unknown time over this
pre-Adamic people and maybe some angels. He also supposedly ruled over the
animals. At some point they say that Lucifer rebelled against God as he
wanted to be God and it was at this point that God brought about the
Lucifer flood which destroyed all living animals and the supposed
pre-Adamic people. It was at this time that Lucifer became Satan and the
Devil and would then deceive Eve in the garden of Eden. Many believe that
the pre-Adamic race was destroyed because they rebelled with Lucifer
against God. Those who believe in the Gap Theory say that it was following
this flood that we pick up the story in Genesis 1:2 where the earth is
said to be without form and void. Most believers of the Gap Theory then
say the six days of creation as follows in Genesis 1 were literal twenty
four hour days. They are correct that the six days of creation were
literal twenty four hour days, but not in a gap of time or a belief in a
Lucifer flood. Why do they believe in twenty four hour days here agreeing
that it has been roughly six thousand years from this point, but then
support an old earth of billions of years and death before man?

Some claim that after the Lucifer flood then God left the earth this
way for an unknown time period even up to millions of years. Why would God
do that? It is believed that following the Lucifer flood that God started
over by recreating all new life including man and new animals. Those who
believe in the Lucifer flood claim that all of the many dinosaur fossils
and other alleged old fossils all came from the Lucifer flood and not
Noah's flood. In my study on Genesis 1-11 I normally refer to Noah's flood
as the Genesis flood to show that there really was only one flood in
Genesis and not two. My question is why did the Lucifer flood cause
fossils, yet Noah's flood supposedly did not? They were both global in
nature and destroyed all life except for those on the ark in the case of
Noah's flood so they both should have had similar results. If the dinosaur
fossils and others that we find all came from the Lucifer flood then why
are they not only six thousand years old instead of millions since this is
when the Lucifer flood supposedly took place shortly before God recreated
everything? If the fossils came from Lucifer's flood then why were they
not destroyed in Noah's flood? The Genesis account is clear that Noah's
flood was very destructive yet it gets minimized in the eyes of those who
believe in the Lucifer flood. Noah's flood shows God punishes sin yet he
provides a way for those who trust in him to live whereas the Lucifer
flood took all life. Why would God save some animals and people in Noah's
flood yet not in Lucifer's flood? Why does God have four chapters dealing
with Noah's flood and numerous verses throughout the rest of scripture yet
not one single verse that mentions the Lucifer flood? Those who believe in
the Lucifer flood say there are some verses that we will look at yet even
if those were they are very few compared to the supposed lesser important
Noah's flood that never even left fossils. In fact many who believe in the
Lucifer flood say Noah's flood was actually a local flood and not global
as described in scripture.

We will now look at some of the verses that are said to support a
Lucifer flood. Genesis 1:2 is the starting verse that is used to show the
supposed gap in time between the original creation and the new creation on
the restored or refurbished earth. (Genesis 1:1-2 1 In the beginning God
created the heaven and the earth.
2 And the earth was without form, and void; and darkness was upon the face
of the deep. And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters.) As
I previously stated they say God created the earth in verse 1 including
the angels including Lucifer and Lucifer was then placed here on earth to
rule over the earth and the pre-Adamic people. Verse 2 is said to show the
aftermath of the Lucifer flood with the entire earth still covered by the
flood waters leaving the earth without form and void. They say the
darkness was due to Lucifer's sin along with the rebellion of the other
angels. This verse is taken out of context as all of the verses they quote
are. The phrase "without form, and void" does not refer to a gap in time
and an alleged Lucifer flood, but rather shows that God started with an
earth that was covered with water and then created land and other things
from here. The earth was without form because God had not created anything
on it yet including land. This is similar to the potter who has a lump of
clay, yet he has not yet formed it into any shape and this is what is seen
here as God had not yet formed the earth into what would be seen at the
end of the creation week. The word void in this verse means empty and
again the earth was empty because God had not created people, animals, or
plants yet. That is all this verse means and speaks nothing of a Lucifer
flood. There was darkness because God had created darkness and had not yet
formed the light. (Isaiah 45:7 I form the light, and create darkness: I
make peace, and create evil: I the LORD do all these things.) God never
created light as light has always existed. True light actually came from
Jesus as he shown forth on the earth. The earth was not restored in
Genesis 1:3 from the supposed chaos of a Lucifer flood.

Jeremiah 4:23-26 is often used by people to prove a Lucifer flood.
(Jeremiah 4:23-26 23 I beheld the earth, and, lo, it was without form, and
void; and the heavens, and they had no light.
24 I beheld the mountains, and, lo, they trembled, and all the hills moved
lightly.
25 I beheld, and, lo, there was no man, and all the birds of the heavens
were fled.
26 I beheld, and, lo, the fruitful place was a wilderness, and all the
cities thereof were broken down at the presence of the LORD, and by his
fierce anger.) They say that verse 23 is a companion verse to Genesis 1:2
again showing how the earth was without form and void. It is true that
verse 23 does speak of Genesis 1:2, but God is not speaking of a previous
Lucifer flood, he is only confirming what he said in Genesis 1:2. God was
saying that Jerusalem and the land of Judah had become just like how the
earth was when he first started to create it. Jerusalem and Judah had so
much idolatry and sin that God was going to destroy Jerusalem and Judah so
that it would be comparable to the earth at the start of creation. God is
speaking of a coming desolate Jerusalem and Judah as would happen when
Babylon conquered and burnt Jerusalem in 586 BC. He was not speaking of an
alleged earlier Lucifer flood. This is even seen in the verses after that
which all agree speaks of Babylon. The last part of verse 23 that shows no
light is used to compare to how Jerusalem and Judah had no light as they
had rejected the true God for idols and darkness of Satan. It is claimed
that verses 24-26 describe events on the earth after the Lucifer flood
showing that no man was left and that the birds were gone and the cities
destroyed. These verses are often used to support a pre-Adamic race as
they are referred to as. Many claim these people had no souls. Why would
God create people without souls? Many claim that these people rebelled
with Lucifer and drowned in the flood and then became the devils spoken of
in scripture. Once again scripture is twisted. The devils actually came
about from Noah's flood when the giants died in the flood. The giants had
fallen angels for their dads and women for their mother so that they were
a hybrid angel-man being. As such they did not get sent directly to hell,
but were allowed to roam the earth. They want a body unlike angels who
already have a spiritual body and this is why they possessed man and also
went into animals such as seen in Mark 5:12-13 when they asked Jesus for
permission to enter the swine. Devils are not from a supposed Lucifer
flood. Supporters of the Lucifer flood claim that these pre-Adamic people
built cities as seen in verse 26. Scripture says Adam was the first man,
not a supposed people before him. (I Corinthians 15:45 And so it is
written, The first man Adam was made a living soul; the last Adam was made
a quickening spirit.) People say that Adam was the first man on the
recreated earth, but not the first on the earth. Scripture never says
this. People just are always trying to make it say what they want. Many
Lucifer flood supporters claim that God did not want evidence of Lucifer's
rebellion yet we are told in scripture in Isaiah 14:12-15 which show how
Lucifer rebelled against God as he wanted to be God. (Isaiah 14:12-15 12
How art thou fallen from heaven, O Lucifer, son of the morning! how art
thou cut down to the ground, which didst weaken the nations!
13 For thou hast said in thine heart, I will ascend into heaven, I will
exalt my throne above the stars of God: I will sit also upon the mount of
the congregation, in the sides of the north:
14 I will ascend above the heights of the clouds; I will be like the most
High.
15 Yet thou shalt be brought down to hell, to the sides of the pit.)
Ezekiel 28:13-17 also shows the fall of Satan and how he had been created
as a perfect being prior to sinning. (Ezekiel 28:13-17 13 Thou hast been
in Eden the garden of God; every precious stone was thy covering, the
sardius, topaz, and the diamond, the beryl, the onyx, and the jasper, the
sapphire, the emerald, and the carbuncle, and gold: the workmanship of thy
tabrets and of thy pipes was prepared in thee in the day that thou wast
created.
14 Thou art the anointed cherub that covereth; and I have set thee so:
thou wast upon the holy mountain of God; thou hast walked up and down in
the midst of the stones of fire.
15 Thou wast perfect in thy ways from the day that thou wast created, till
iniquity was found in thee.
16 By the multitude of thy merchandise they have filled the midst of thee
with violence, and thou hast sinned: therefore I will cast thee as profane
out of the mountain of God: and I will destroy thee, O covering cherub,
from the midst of the stones of fire.
17 Thine heart was lifted up because of thy beauty, thou hast corrupted
thy wisdom by reason of thy brightness: I will cast thee to the ground, I
will lay thee before kings, that they may behold thee.) Many try to say
that the verses in Ezekiel speak of Lucifer in another garden of Eden in
the world before the Lucifer flood and not the one that Adam and Eve were
in. Other verses in scripture speak of the fall of Lucifer so why not
specifically mention Lucifer's flood without trying to make a verse speak
of it? Jeremiah 4:24 speaks of the mountains moving and they claim this
occurred during Lucifer's flood. The mountains actually moved during
Noah's flood when they rose up from the waters to their present heights.
In the preflood world before Noah the mountains were lower. The higher
mountains allowed the water to be removed from the earth. Jeremiah 4:23-26
speaks of Jerusalem and Judah and not events of the Lucifer flood. If the
world sat without form and void with no pre-Adamic people then why did God
let it sit so long when he said he formed the earth to be inhabited.
(Isaiah 45:18 For thus saith the LORD that created the heavens; God
himself that formed the earth and made it; he hath established it, he
created it not in vain, he formed it to be inhabited: I am the LORD; and
there is none else.) Man has always been on the earth and will continue on
the new earth whereas the Lucifer flood says otherwise. (Mark 10:6 But
from the beginning of the creation God made them male and female.) Mark
says that man has been here since the beginning of creation. This refers
to the only creation and not a supposed second creation after the Lucifer
flood.

Why did God supposedly create all new animal species on the recreated
earth instead of recreating dinosaurs and other animals? Many believers of
a Lucifer flood claim that Noah could not have gotten all of the animals
on the ark such as dinosaurs, but I have shown in my Genesis 1-11 study
that he would have had plenty of room. I said many claim that the Lucifer
flood was global yet Noah's flood was local. Scripture clearly shows
Noah's flood was global in many places. (Genesis 7:19-23 19 And the waters
prevailed exceedingly upon the earth; and all the high hills,
that were under the whole heaven, were covered.
20 Fifteen cubits upward did the waters prevail; and the mountains were
covered.
21 And all flesh died that moved upon the earth, both of fowl, and of
cattle, and of beast, and of every creeping thing that creepeth upon the
earth, and every man:
22 All in whose nostrils was the breath of life, of all that was in the
dry land, died.
23 And every living substance was destroyed which was upon the face of the
ground, both man, and cattle, and the creeping things, and the fowl of the
heaven; and they were destroyed from the earth: and Noah only
remained alive, and they that were with him in the ark.) These verses
clearly show the water was fifteen cubits above the tallest mountain and
all life on land that breathes air died. That does not sound like a local
flood to me. Psalm 104:6 says the waters covered the mountains and many
say this verse applies to Lucifer's flood yet we are told Noah's flood
covered the mountains as we just saw. They say God spoke away the water of
Lucifer's flood as seen in verse 7 whereas in Noah's flood it took months
for the water to go away. (Psalm 104:6-7 6 Thou coveredst it with the deep
as with a garment: the waters stood above the mountains.
7 At thy rebuke they fled; at the voice of thy thunder they hasted away.)

It is claimed that the verses mentioned above in Isaiah 14 and
Ezekiel 28 describe the fall of Lucifer long ago yet this is not true.
Lucifer is a created being as shown in these verses and all that was
created was created in the six days of creation and that would include
Lucifer and all angels. (Exodus 20:11 For in six days the LORD made heaven
and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day:
wherefore the LORD blessed the sabbath day, and hallowed it.) God said it
was very good at the end of the creation and it would not be good if
Lucifer had already fallen. (Genesis 1:31 And God saw every thing that he
had made, and, behold, it was very good. And the evening and the morning
were the sixth day.) Proponents of the Lucifer flood claim that this means
all of the new creation was very good and does not refer to Lucifer and
the fallen angels. This again twists scripture. The Lucifer flood brings
about sin and death prior to Adam when scripture says sin and death came
by Adam. (Romans 5:12 Wherefore, as by one man sin entered into the world,
and death by sin; and so death passed upon all men, for that all have
sinned:) (Romans 5:14 Nevertheless death reigned from Adam to Moses, even
over them that had not sinned after the similitude of Adam's
transgression, who is the figure of him that was to come.) (I Corinthians
15:21-22 21 For since by man came death, by man came also the resurrection
of the dead.
22 For as in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall all be made alive.)
These verses clearly show that it was Adam's sin that brought death, not
Lucifer's sin. When Lucifer sinned and became Satan, his sin did not bring
death as supposed in the Lucifer flood and a pre-Adamic people could not
have sinned as Adam was the first man and he brought sin and death yet the
pre-Adamic people supposedly sinned and died as did animals. Why did God
not allow salvation for some of these people or save some animals like he
did in Noah's flood? If the Lucifer flood was due to the rebellion of
Lucifer against God then why did he not destroy him and his rebellious
angels just as he destroyed the animals and the supposed pre-Adamic people
and killed all of those who rebelled against him in Noah's flood? God
could have created new angels just as he did new animals and people. The
animals were killed in Noah's flood due to corrupt DNA, why did God kill
the animals in the Lucifer flood if it was due to Lucifer's sin? Ezekiel
28:14 and 16 show that Lucifer was created as an anointed cherub to cover
the throne of God so why would he be on earth ruling the planet over
angels and a pre-Adamic people? Many say this is because Lucifer and his
angels were kicked out of heaven as seen in Revelation 12:4-9 yet this
refers to when they are kicked out for good during the middle of the
tribulation. Even now angels live in the atmosphere and more specifically
outer space and not here on earth and Satan still has access to heaven
today as seen in Job 1-2 and elsewhere in scripture. Lucifer sinned as he
wanted to be God and he was also jealous because God created man in his
own image whereas even angels including Lucifer were not. This is when
Lucifer rebelled against God. This was after the seven day creation week
and not before. We know from Jude that heaven is the first estate of
angels as heaven was created for them and earth for man. The angels that
sinned with the women before Noah's flood were guilty of leaving their
first estate of heaven so we see again that Lucifer would not be here on
earth. (Jude 6 And the angels which kept not their first estate, but left
their own habitation, he hath reserved in everlasting chains under
darkness unto the judgment of the great day.) It also makes no sense
either as Lucifer was supposedly not in rebellion against God until he
sinned and then he was no longer ruling earth as the Lucifer flood came
yet I just showed that heaven is the realm of angels, not earth. Satan
only became the ruler of this world after the sin of Adam as originally
Adam was given dominion of the earth which was another thing that led to
the downfall of Lucifer to become Satan as his pride in seeing how a mere
man could be allowed to rule the earth yet he as this beautiful cherub
that covered God's throne was not given control of the earth. (Genesis
1:26 ¶ And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness: and
let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the
air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping
thing that creepeth upon the earth.) (II Corinthians 4:4 In whom the god
of this world hath blinded the minds of them which believe not, lest the
light of the glorious gospel of Christ, who is the image of God, should
shine unto them.) Satan is the prince of this world as seen three times in
John such as John 12:31. Man was intended to rule over the earth and
angels were to assist God in heaven. Satan was never intended to rule on
earth. He only rules because Adam lost his dominion due to sin. People say
Job says angels or sons of God as they are referred to as were there when
God laid the foundations of the earth. (See Job 38:4-7) This only means
that God created angels probably very early on day one or else before the
land appeared out of the water. It does not imply that they were created
before creation week as I already showed that everything was made in the
six days. Psalm 38:8-11 follows these verses and speaks of God setting
boundaries for the flood waters after Noah's flood so that the earth
cannot be globally flooded again. Many say these verses refer to the
Lucifer flood and boundaries set then. If this was true then why did God
break his own boundaries that he set and allow another global flood in
Noah's day? People often claim that create and made are not the same and
this also proves that God was not creating the earth, only remaking the
earth. These words are used to mean the same thing as man is said to be
created and also made.

Lucifer flood believers say that II Peter proves the earth is old.
(II Peter 3:5-7 5 For this they willingly are ignorant of, that by the
word of God the heavens were of old, and the earth standing out of the
water and in the water:
6 Whereby the world that then was, being overflowed with water, perished:
7 But the heavens and the earth, which are now, by the same word are kept
in store, reserved unto fire against the day of judgment and perdition of
ungodly men.) These verses are used to support the Lucifer flood, but
again they apply to Noah's flood, not a Lucifer flood. It was the world of
Noah that perished, not prior to creation. They say that verse 5 speaks of
the old earth in reference to the world before the Lucifer flood and that
verse 7 speaks of the world recreated by God in Genesis 1:3 and that the
new earth speaks of a future created earth. It is true that the new earth
is a future new created earth, but the old earth only refers to the earth
before Noah's flood. This can be seen in II Peter 2:5 that speaks of the
old world before Noah's flood. The verse shows it is speaking of Noah's
flood and verse 4 before it shows it happened after the angels that sinned
and verse 6 shows it was before the destruction of Sodom and Gomorrha. (II
Peter 2:5 And spared not the old world, but saved Noah the eighth person,
a preacher of righteousness, bringing in the flood upon the world of the
ungodly;) We know the angels that sinned in verse 4 refers to the angels
that mated with women and produced the giants and not Lucifer and his
angels. They are not locked up, but those that produced the giants are.
They mated with women to corrupt man's DNA and try and prevent the coming
Messiah in Jesus Christ. This corruption and sin is why God brought about
Noah's flood in order to destroy all corrupted DNA. The earth is not old,
but young and again verses are taken out of context and twisted. II Peter
3:13 is also used to try and show the old earth and how there was an old,
present, and new earth in reference to there having been a Lucifer flood.
They say this verse shows a new heaven and new earth, so they say this
proves there had to have been an old earth and an old heaven, but I have
already shown that this refers to the days before Noah's flood. The new
earth is also referring to the future new created earth with this current
earth being the old earth. (II Peter 3:13 Nevertheless we, according to
his promise, look for new heavens and a new earth, wherein dwelleth
righteousness.) They also use Genesis 2:4 which says the generations of
the earth to say this proves three generations of earth with an old,
present, and new earth similar to three generations of a grandpa, son, and
grandson. Genesis 2:4 is referring to no such thing. (Genesis 2:4 ¶ These
are the generations of the heavens and of the earth when they were
created, in the day that the LORD God made the earth and the heavens,)
This verse merely shows the creation of the earth just as later the
generations of Adam will be shown in Genesis 5 as well as others in
Genesis 11. Genesis 2:4 is only showing that the earth will grow old just
like people, but it never even mentions a new earth or a previous earth
before this creation. The generations in this verse refers to the six days
of creation as well as a seventh day of rest and not a pre Lucifer flood
earth.

It has been stated by some that during the Lucifer flood God turned
the poles so that the north and south poles were now along the equator and
claim that God did this quickly causing animals at the equator to
instantly freeze and this is why we find animals standing upright with
buttercups still in their mouths. They use Isaiah 24:1 and Job 9:5-7 to
support this belief. (Isaiah 24:1 Behold, the LORD maketh the earth empty,
and maketh it waste, and turneth it upside down, and scattereth abroad the
inhabitants thereof.) (Job 9:5-7 5 Which removeth the mountains, and they
know not: which overturneth them in his anger.
6 Which shaketh the earth out of her place, and the pillars thereof
tremble.
7 Which commandeth the sun, and it riseth not; and sealeth up the stars.)
They say the turning of the earth upside down and shaking of the earth out
of her place refers to this pole shift. They say Job 9:7 shows how God
prevented any stars from shining which describes the darkness as seen in
Genesis 1:2. These verses are again misinterpreted. Job speaks of
earthquakes in verse 6 and Isaiah 24:1 speaks of the earth being turned
upside down during the tribulation by God's wrath and does not refer to a
global flood. Even if this verse referred to a global flood then it would
have to be Noah's flood which turned the world upside down as much as a
supposed Lucifer flood would by the earthquakes, fountains of the deep
opening, and the world covered by water. There is no proof that the poles
have ever shifted. These animals could have quickly frozen during the
single Ice Age caused by Noah's flood. Earthquakes are said to have
occurred during the Lucifer flood, but not Noah's flood showing the
minimizing of Noah's flood.

God made a covenant with Noah and those on the ark including the
animals to never flood the earth again with a global flood and left the
rainbow as a reminder of this covenant. (Genesis 9:15-16 15 And I will
remember my covenant, which is between me and you and every living
creature of all flesh; and the waters shall no more become a flood to
destroy all flesh.
16 And the bow shall be in the cloud; and I will look upon it, that I may
remember the everlasting covenant between God and every living creature of
all flesh that is upon the earth.) Why would God not have made some kind
of promise after the Lucifer flood even if it was to Lucifer and the
angels? Why would God destroy the supposed old earth of pre creation with
a flood and then again with Noah yet the next time he will use fire to
destroy the earth. (II Peter 3:10 But the day of the Lord will come as a
thief in the night; in the which the heavens shall pass away with a great
noise, and the elements shall melt with fervent heat, the earth also and
the works that are therein shall be burned up.) Why would he repeat
himself twice and not a third time?   

Hebrews 12:22-24 has been used with verse 24 specifically to try and
justify a pre-Adamic people by at least one pastor. (Hebrews 12:22-24 22
But ye are come unto mount Sion, and unto the city of the living God, the
heavenly Jerusalem, and to an innumerable company of angels,
23 To the general assembly and church of the firstborn, which are written
in heaven, and to God the Judge of all, and to the spirits of just men
made perfect,
24 And to Jesus the mediator of the new covenant, and to the blood of
sprinkling, that speaketh better things than that of Abel.) It is said
that verses 22-23 speak of various groups of people with angels in verse
22 and they say general assembly in verse 23 speaks of Old Testament
saints and the church of the firstborn as New Testament saints. It is said
that the phrase "God the Judge of all" refers to those not mentioned
previously and that "spirits of just men made perfect" refers to godly men
of the pre-Adamic people. This phrase may refer to tribulation or
millennium saints. Whatever exactly is the meaning of the phrase as there
are many opinions such as finally being perfect in our justification then
it definitely does not apply to a pre-Adamic people. This pastor says the
ungodly pre-Adamics became devils which I already showed they came from
the giants who died in Noah's flood. Most do not believe any pre-Adamics
were saved as most believe they were some inferior type of people with
most saying they had no soul.

The teaching of a Lucifer's flood minimizes why God brought Noah's
flood and why Jesus had to come to earth as a man. If death was here
before Adam then Jesus did not need to die for our sins, but he did come
because Adam brought sin to this world, not Satan. It is true that Satan
sinned before Adam, but so did Eve, but it was only when Adam sinned that
this world became cursed. Noah's flood came about because of sin and to
minimize the flood minimizes sin and the punishment for it. By making the
Noahic flood a local flood or denying the true destruction caused by it by
saying that Noah's flood did not form any fossils just leads to ignorance
and disbelief of the first eleven chapters of Genesis and will lead to
atheists or at least weak Christians as they will not see the need for a
Saviour if sin was not from Adam or if scripture is not correct. They will
believe in an old earth and evolution. We need to study scripture and ask
God the Holy Ghost for the interpretation and take it literally and not
make it say something that is not there such as Lucifer's flood. All of
the verses can be used to explain Noah's flood or something else and there
is not one single verse that can be clearly said to show Lucifer's flood.
Those who believe in Lucifer's flood make it the important one and often
ignore Noah's flood when there is lots of scripture for it and none for
Lucifer's flood, but much real scientific evidence backs up Noah's flood
and a young earth. Even the dinosaurs that are said to have died in
Lucifer's flood then there is evidence of their existence in Job and
elsewhere with behemoth as well as in history with the Chinese emperor
even raising them. How are cave drawings explained if the pre-Adamic
people were not smart and how can they still be around after two global
floods. Trust God's word and how God used one, not two global floods with
Noah's flood to punish sin and to bring about a new cleansed earth to
start over with eight godly people. If you are not saved call upon Jesus
today so that you are not judged by God for your sin.   

Search for: _____________________  [ Search ]

Recent Comments

Archives

Categories

• No categories

Meta

• Log in
• Entries feed
• Comments feed
• WordPress.org

Created my free logo at LogoMakr.com

Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Copyright (c) 2024 Jesus is God and Lord Ministries | Credits
Powered by Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

