Link: profile
Link: dns-prefetch
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Feed (alternate)
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Comments Feed (alternate)
Link: preconnect
Link: preconnect
Link: https://api.w.org/
Link: alternate
Link: RSD (EditURI)
Link: canonical
Link: shortlink
Link: alternate
Link: alternate
Skip to content
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Ye Must Be Born Again

Main Menu

• HOME
• STORE
• ABOUT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD MINISTRIES
• BELIEFS
• CONTACT
• KING JAMES BIBLE TO READ AND LISTEN TO
• KING JAMES BIBLE WORDS AND PHRASES DEFINED
• WHY WE MUST BE BORN AGAIN
• WHAT MUST I DO TO BE SAVED (BE BORN AGAIN), HAVE ETERNAL LIFE AND GO
TO HEAVEN?
• NOW THAT I AM A BORN AGAIN CHRISTIAN, HOW DO I GROW (MATURE)?
• PROOF THAT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD
• SERMONS AND SCRIPTURE LESSONSMenu Toggle

• 3:16 Verses
• Abraham the obedient father and type of God the Father
• According to the word of the LORD
• Alleged Contradictions in Scripture
• Angels and spiritual beings
• Animals Teaching Man  
• Be like Jesus
• Be Thankful
• Bread in Scripture
• Christian Martyrs for Jesus
• Colors in Scripture
• Curse Israel and you will be cursed
• Dangers of Calvinism
• Deadliest battles in scripture
• Deserts in scripture and in our lives
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism
• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freedom and Liberty come from God
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise
• From the resurrection to the ascension
• Genealogies of Jesus
• Gifts of the Holy Ghost
• God is Light
• God is Love
• God the Holy Ghost
• Halloween and the connection to Satan
• Honour Thy Mother
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus is the door that all must enter for everlasting life
• Jesus is the Light of the World and Christians Should Reflect
that Light
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jesus versus Mohammad
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Jonah
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Jude
• Malachi   
• Martyrs in the Lord's Army
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Nahum
• Nehemiah 3 and the ten gates of the Jerusalem wall
• Obadiah
• Our Nation Was Founded Upon God
• Philemon
• Prayer
• Pre-incarnate Appearances of Jesus (Theophanies)
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Proof that Jesus is God
• Prophecies Fulfilled by Jesus at his First Coming
• Prophecies of the Second Coming of Jesus
• Psalm 23
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines
• Santa is Satan and his little elves are devils
• Serve in the Lord's Army
• Seven Vial Judgments of Revelation
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  
• Star of Bethlehem
• Thankful people in scripture  
• The Battle of Gog and Magog
• The Books of God
• The Crucifixion of Jesus
• The Egyptian gods and goddesses of the ten plagues and their
judgment and defeat by the God of gods
• The Exodus   
• The Good Samaritan
• The Gospel in Stone
• The Gospel in the Stars
• The Greatest Father Anyone Can Have And Everyone Needs
• The Handwriting of God
• The Illegal Trial of Jesus
• The King James Bible Built-in Dictionary
• The Miracles at the Crucifixion of Jesus
• The New Year's resolutions that need to be kept
• The Number Seven in Scripture
• The Number Three in Scripture  
• The Riotous Son
• The True Creationism of the Scriptures versus False Theories
• The Unscriptural Flat Earth Theory
• The Unscriptural Lucifer Flood  
• The Widow Woman and the Oil  
• The Word Became Flesh
• Types of the Holy Ghost in scripture
• Was Jesus born on Christmas?
• Was Jesus Crucified on Friday?
• Water in Scripture
• Weather in scripture
• Who are the sons of God of Genesis 6?
• Work is from God
• Worshipping God in psalms, hymns, and spiritual songs
• Zephaniah

• VIDEOS
• HYMNS
• FOR PRECIOUS JEWISH SOULSMenu Toggle

• Meet the Jewish Messiah
• False Religion of Judaism
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  

• FOR PRECIOUS ROMAN CATHOLIC SOULSMenu Toggle

• False Doctrines of Roman Catholicism
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• CULTSMenu Toggle

• Roman CatholicismMenu Toggle

• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism

• FALSE RELIGIONSMenu Toggle

• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise

• RECOMMENDED BOOKS FOR READING
• LINKS
• CHECKOUT
• New items are available in the store for purchase.

0

False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses

Jehovah's Witnesses are one of the largest cults. There are about 8.7
million Jehovah's Witnesses worldwide. They were founded by Charles Taze
Russell in the late 1870's when he founded the Bible Student movement in
Pittsburg, Pennsylvania around this time and he started the Zion's Watch
Tower Tract Society in 1881 to publish tracts and his writings and print
material for the movement. This was renamed the Watch Tower Bible and
Tract Society in 1896. After the death of Charles Russell in 1916, groups
broke away from the Bible Student movement, but the main group was taken
over by Joseph Franklin Rutherford who maintained control of the Watch
Tower Society and its properties. He changed much of the doctrine that
Russell taught. He renamed the organization the Jehovah's Witnesses in
1931 to separate them from the other Bible Student movement groups that
had broken off. He got the name from Isaiah 43:10. (Isaiah 43:10 Ye are my
witnesses, saith the LORD, and my servant whom I have chosen: that ye may
know and believe me, and understand that I am he: before me there was no
God formed, neither shall there be after me.) They had previously been
known as Bible Students and around the time of the name change sometimes
as Russellites or Rutherfordites. Many people left after the Jehovah's
Witnesses predicted the physical coming of Jesus in 1914 and it then never
came. They tried to justify it by saying it was an invisible return. Today
the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society is located in Warwick, New York
moving there after a long time in Brooklyn, New York City, New York. They
publish The Watchtower and Awake magazines as well as their own bible the
New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures. "The Watchtower shows us the
significance of world events in the light of Bible prophecies. It comforts
people with the good news of God's Kingdom and promotes faith in Jesus
Christ. Awake! shows us how to cope with today's problems and builds
confidence in the Creator's promise of a peaceful and secure new world.
[JW website]" They also publish tracts and other material such as books
and videos for their cult. These magazines contain the doctrine for
Jehovah's Witnesses.

The Jehovah's Witnesses as many cults have their own bible known as
the New World Translation. This has been changed and updated many times
including changes made to support their false doctrines. (Proverbs 30:6
Add thou not unto his words, lest he reprove thee, and thou be found a
liar.) They also remove many verses, phrases, and words from their bible
compared to God's preserved word found in the King James Bible. It seems
grace is often removed such as in Ephesians 2:8. Footnotes are often found
in their bible to explain away missing verses or other doctrinal issues.
God warned not to add or subtract from his word. (Revelation 22:18-19 For
I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this
book, If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the
plagues that are written in this book:
19 And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this
prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of
the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book.) The
translators of the NWT are anonymous. They say this is so God gets the
glory, but it also hides the credentials of the men to see if they are
qualified and also avoids any direct criticism to any individuals. The
five men who are suspected of translating the original NWT had no
knowledge of Hebrew or Greek except one man who had about two years of
Greek. How can you translate from the original languages as they claim was
done if you cannot even read them? The Jehovah's Witnesses website says
"we continue to use many translations of the Bible in our witnessing work.
In fact, while we provide a copy of the New World Translation at no
charge as part of our free Bible study program, we are also happy to study
with those who prefer to use other translations." These are the words of
the leaders, so use your King James Bible to witness to them and tell them
what their website says if they do not want you to use it. Some JW's have
said they have used the NIV (New International Version) when witnessing
since many people feel more comfortable with it than the NWT. Over 90% of
the changes in the NWT from the KJB are matched in the NIV which shows how
corrupt it is. Most professing Christians would never use a NWT yet they
have no problem using an NIV.

The leaders of the Watch Tower Society known as the Governing Body of
Jehovah's Witnesses decide on doctrines as they interpret scripture rather
than having God the Holy Ghost interpret scripture and getting their
doctrine from scripture. All cults do this and have only the leaders
interpret and also add their own additions to scripture. The NWT was
intentionally changed as is done by cults that have their own bible such
as Roman Catholicism to fit their false doctrines rather than change their
false doctrines to match scripture. The Watchtower magazines override
scripture. This is what Jehovah's Witnesses are to read and trust, not the
bible. The August 15, 1950 Watchtower on page 263 admitted that it was not
inspired, so precious Jehovah's Witnesses souls, why trust a non-inspired
magazine from man when you can trust the inspired words of God found in
the King James Bible. The King James Bible is what was used by Jehovah's
Witnesses until the leaders got tired of it convicting them of their sins
and so they created their own false bible based off of the corrupt
Alexandrian manuscripts influenced by the Roman Catholic Church. The
Jehovah's Witnesses claim to disagree with and hate the Roman Catholic
Church, yet they use the same corrupt Roman Catholic manuscripts for their
bible, had some Jesuits on their original translating committee and even
share some beliefs. I believe this is just another deception. The March
22, 1980 Awake magazine on page 4 admitted that the leaders are not
infallible and their writings are not inspired as are the writers of the
Holy Bible. They do believe scripture is inspired. The NWT in notes in the
back of the bible does not use BC for "Before Christ" and AD for "In the
year of our Lord" for dates, but rather the secular BCE (Before the Common
Era) and CE (Common Era). BCE has the same dates as BC and CE the same
dates as AD, but this is just a way to minimize Jesus when the history of
the world is divided in time by his birth as a man in Bethlehem. Other
literature also uses BCE and CE dating especially CE when dating future
events. Why would supposed Christians change and deny the date of Jesus
and be ashamed to date things around the birth of Jesus?  

Jehovah's Witnesses are required to go door to door to try and get
people to join their cult. They are normally required to attend meetings
five nights a week. The Watchtower that members of the cult read is not
the same as the one they give to the public. The members issue has all of
their false doctrines and other prophecy predictions. The public one tries
to seem like true Christianity for the most part in order to suck people
into their cult and once they are sucked in then they will receive their
true beliefs. All cults do this.  

The leaders of the Jehovah's Witnesses have predicted many false
prophecies about the return of Jesus. The Watch Tower Society is
considered God's prophet. (See Watchtower magazine April 1, 1972, pg. 197)
Jesus said no one can know when he will return yet they thought they did.
(Matthew 24:36 ¶ But of that day and hour knoweth no man, no, not the
angels of heaven, but my Father only.) God said that if a prophet claimed
to speak for God and it did not come true then they were not from God.
JW's have proved they are not from God with their many false prophecies.
(Deuteronomy 18:22 When a prophet speaketh in the name of the LORD, if the
thing follow not, nor come to pass, that is the thing which the LORD hath
not spoken, but the prophet hath spoken it presumptuously: thou shalt not
be afraid of him.) They predicted that Jesus would return to earth in 1914
after the battle of Armageddon to start his 1,000 year reign. After this
failed they changed it to 1915 when the battle would be and the return of
Jesus, removing the year zero. All governments would be overthrown at this
time. World War 1 was going on at this time. This was changed to 1918,
1925, 1941, and 1975. It never happened. In 1918 God was supposed to have
destroyed many churches and church members by the millions. Remember they
believe they are the only true church. 1925 was supposed to be "the
establishment of the kingdom in Palestine, ten years later than thought"
and the old testament prophets were to return here on earth. They never
did return so they built a mansion in San Diego between 1929-1930 to bring
them back. They now cover this up and try to say it was built for
President Rutherford. The mansion was sold in 1948 as it was an
embarrassment. [From the Watch Tower publication "Millions Now Living Will
Never Die" on pages 89-90.] Armageddon was to happen and millions living
at the time would never die. In 1975 Armageddon was imminent. They now say
Jesus came invisibly in 1914 and he will not return visibly. Scripture
says he does. (Matthew 24:27 For as the lightning cometh out of the east,
and shineth even unto the west; so shall also the coming of the Son of man
be.) (Revelation 19:14 And the armies which were in heaven followed him
upon white horses, clothed in fine linen, white and clean.) These false
prophecies could all be found in their Watchtower magazine. These failed
prophecies are one of the things that have caused many members to leave
the cult. If the Watch Tower leaders misinterpret scripture here on
prophecies, can you trust them on their other interpretations such as
salvation?  

Jehovah's Witnesses believe that Lucifer was the second being created
after Jesus who was then supposedly the archangel Michael. They say Satan
was appointed by Jehovah to watch over the earth. He became jealous of
Jehovah and rebelled and seduced Adam and Eve and became Satan and was
given 6,000 years by Jehovah to try and seduce all mankind to him and when
he fails Jehovah will reestablish his kingdom.

Charles Taze Russell was a 33^rd degree Freemason. Freemasonry is
satanic. Many claim Charles was not a Freemason yet he is even buried in a
Freemason cemetery which he would not have been allowed if he was not one.
God would never use a satanic Freemason to be the leader of his church as
Charles supposedly was. Jehovah's Witnesses (JW's) as all cults believe
they are the only way to heaven.    

JW's refer to the old and new testaments as the Hebrew-Aramaic
scriptures and the Christian Greek scriptures and is labeled as such in
their bible. They say this is done to prevent confusion that part of
scripture is outdated and irrelevant, but this denies the new covenant or
testament given by Jesus as the testator and his death for us. "Jehovah's
Witnesses believe that the entire Bible is "inspired of God and
beneficial." (2 Timothy 316) That includes both the Old Testament and the
New Testament, as they are commonly called. Generally, Jehovah's Witnesses
refer to these sections of the Bible as the Hebrew Scriptures and the
Christian Greek Scriptures. In this way, we avoid giving the impression
that some parts of the Bible are outdated or irrelevant. [from their
website jw.org]" (Hebrews 9:15-17 And for this cause he is the mediator of
the new testament, that by means of death, for the redemption of the
transgressions that were under the first testament, they which are called
might receive the promise of eternal inheritance.
16 For where a testament is, there must also of necessity be the death of
the testator.
17 For a testament is of force after men are dead: otherwise it is of no
strength at all while the testator liveth.) The NWT changes the word
testament to covenant to support this belief of not calling them the old
and new testaments.    

Jehovah's Witnesses do not have churches. They have Kingdom Halls and
a group of these makes up a congregation which are overseen by a group of
elders. Jehovah's Witnesses do not ordain men, but rather let any man that
is well versed in their beliefs to lead the service. Their bible changes
the word church to congregation to support their belief.

Jehovah's Witnesses do not believe in war which contradicts
scripture. I do agree we should not seek war and should avoid it if
possible, but God said there is a time for peace and a time for war. When
drafted they claimed to be conscientious objectors. God even commanded at
times for the Israelites to go to war and true Christians are always in a
spiritual warfare or at least should be. (Ecclesiastes 3:8 A time to love,
and a time to hate; a time of war, and a time of peace.) (Ecclesiastes 3:3
A time to kill, and a time to heal; a time to break down, and a time to
build up;)

Jehovah's Witnesses try to stay separate from the world which means
anyone who is not one of them. They will talk to them, but generally avoid
them unless out trying to convert them. They avoid politics and stay
neutral during wartime. Jesus did say for us to be in the world, but not a
part of the world, but this does not mean we avoid politics and war. I
already have shown how God said there is a time for war and Christians
should be involved in politics so ungodly people are not making ungodly
decisions and laws. Jesus said to love our neighbor. We need to witness to
all people. They again twist scripture to keep their seclusion. This is
what cults do. They avoid the world and anyone who is not one of them.

Jehovah's Witnesses do not celebrate birthdays, any national holidays
or days such as Mother's Day, Father's Day, Christmas, and Easter. They do
not honor their country, flag, or national anthem. They do not salute the
flag or say the pledge of allegiance considering it worship. They do not
vote or hold public office. One change that can be seen in the NWT since
they do not believe in saluting a flag is the removal of the standard in
various verses in Numbers. The Israelites were to have their standard or
flag next to them when they camped. The KJB in Numbers 1:52 says "by his
own standard" which is changed in the NWT to "according to his three-tribe
division".    

Jehovah's Witnesses claim they do not tithe and are not required to.
They claim all of their money comes from anonymous donors. I am sure they
are pressured to tithe, but they give it "anonymously". God commands us to
tithe and says those who do not rob from him. (Malachi 3:8 ¶ Will a man
rob God? Yet ye have robbed me. But ye say, Wherein have we robbed thee?
In tithes and offerings.)

Jehovah's Witnesses say their beliefs have changed over the years due
to the increase in their knowledge as they learn scripture. They say the
apostles changed as they learned as they did not originally understand all
scripture. I do agree we can and should learn and some minor things may
change as we learn and understand scripture better, but the basic major
doctrines should not change. This is just an excuse to justify their
changes over the years and any future ones that may come. Two examples of
changes are the cross was changed to a torture stake and prohibition on
blood transfusions.

The Jehovah's Witnesses as all cults will try to prevent their members
from leaving and those that do are usually shunned by their family and
friends. They use threats of them losing their salvation if they do not
stay a Jehovah's Witness and other tactics. They use fear tactics such as
a constant reminder that the battle of Armageddon is near and they are not
to socialize with non-Jehovah's Witnesses. They are also reminded of the
penalties if they disobey any Watch Tower rules. They are referred to as
little children as if the Watch Tower is their dad and mom. They often
control information Jehovah's Witnesses get or at least try. This applied
more in previous days before modern technology.

This is only some of the many false doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses.
They refer to their beliefs collectively as "the Truth". 

1. Only true church.  Jehovah's Witnesses as all cults claim that they are
the only true church and only Jehovah's Witnesses can be saved.

2. Jesus is a created being. Jehovah's Witnesses believe Jesus is a
created being. They believe he was the first being created and then
created everything else. Pure blasphemy. Jesus is the Creator and created
everything and was never created himself. Jesus is God. (Colossians
1:16-17 For by him were all things created, that are in heaven, and that
are in earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones, or
dominions, or principalities, or powers: all things were created by him,
and for him:
17 And he is before all things, and by him all things consist.) (John
1:1-3
In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was
God.
2 The same was in the beginning with God.
3 All things were made by him; and without him was not any thing made that
was made.) John 1:3 says all things were made by Jesus and if he was a
created being he would be included under "all". Their bible shows this
belief when Micah 5:2 which says in the King James Bible "whose goings
forth" is changed to "whose origin" to support Jesus as a created being
when he was not. The NWT changes "all things" in verses 16 and 17 of
Colossians 1 to "all other things" to show their belief in Jesus as a
created being. The NWT changes Colossians 1:15 in KJB "the firstborn of
every creature" to "the firstborn of all creation" to again try and make
it look like Jesus is a created being. The NWT changes John 1:18 from "the
only begotten Son" in the KJB to "the only-begotten god".

3. Jesus was originally the archangel Michael. There is no such thing
found in scripture. Michael has always been an angel and created and Jesus
has always been Jesus and God and not created. (John 1:1-2 In the
beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.
2 The same was in the beginning with God.) Michael will be the one in the
future to lead the war against Satan and his angels which will lead to
Satan being cast out of heaven for good. Does Jesus go back to being
Michael? They actually believe he does. (Revelation 12:7 And there was war
in heaven: Michael and his angels fought against the dragon; and the
dragon fought and his angels,) They believe Michael was the first created
angel and became Jesus when he became a man. Angels do not become men.
They believe on the day we say Jesus was resurrected, that Jesus was
recreated as the archangel Michael.

4. Jesus died on a torture stake and not a cross. Jehovah's Witnesses say
that Jesus died on a torture stake and not a cross as scripture says. This
belief came about in 1936. They had previously believed in the cross, so
this shows they change their doctrine over the years. (Matthew 27:40 And
saying, Thou that destroyest the temple, and buildest it in three days,
save thyself. If thou be the Son of God, come down from the cross.)
(Matthew 27:42 Let Christ the King of Israel descend now from the cross,
that we may see and believe. And they that were crucified with him reviled
him.) (Mark 15:32 Let Christ the King of Israel descend now from the
cross, that we may see and believe. And they that were crucified with him
reviled him.) (John 19:25 ¶ Now there stood by the cross of Jesus his
mother, and his mother's sister, Mary the wife of Cleophas, and Mary
Magdalene.) When a person is killed on a torture stake their hands are
placed above their head, yet scripture says a sign was placed above the
head of Jesus, not his hands as it would have been if he died on a torture
stake. Even the NWT says above the head. (Matthew 27:37 And set up over
his head his accusation written, THIS IS JESUS THE KING OF THE JEWS.) The
Jehovah's Witnesses, as all cults who have their own bibles, changes their
bible to match their false doctrines. An example is seen here with torture
stake used instead of cross. The 2013 edition of the New World Translation
for Matthew 27:42 is changed to "come down off the torture stake" from the
KJB "descend now from the cross". Scripture also says that Jesus had nails
plural in his hands whereas the Jehovah's Witnesses teach that he had one
nail to go along with their belief of a torture stake. (John 20:25 The
other disciples therefore said unto him, We have seen the Lord. But he
said unto them, Except I shall see in his hands the print of the nails,
and put my finger into the print of the nails, and thrust my hand into his
side, I will not believe.) Even their bible says nails so this contradicts
their own teaching.

5. Jesus is not God. Jehovah's Witnesses believe Jesus is not God and deny
his deity. They say he is ruling in heaven as King, but he is not God. He
supposedly started ruling in 1914 when he came back to earth invisibly.
They say even Jesus said his Father was greater than him to try and
justify it. They get that from John 14:28, but Jesus as the God-man was
speaking from his man nature and not his divine nature. As a man the
Father is greater, but not as God. Scripture says Jesus is God. (John
10:30 I and my Father are one.) They say that Jesus said the Father was
greater than him in John 14:28 and they are correct except in this verse
the man part of Jesus was speaking and God the Father is greater than man,
but in John 10:30 the divine part was speaking and Jesus was showing that
he and God the Father are one as there is only one God. (Philippians 2:6
Who, being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with
God:) (Colossians 2:9 For in him dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead
bodily.) Colossians 2:9 shows Jesus is part of the Godhead and a full
part. (Hebrews 1:8 But unto the Son he saith, Thy throne, O God, is for
ever and ever: a sceptre of righteousness is the sceptre of thy kingdom.")
God the Father or Jehovah is calling Jesus God in Hebrews 1:8. God himself
has spoken and says Jesus is God. If Jesus was not God we are idolaters
and Jesus was a fraud for he said he was God and accepted worship. Jesus
was more than a man as the JW's teach. They say they are Christians, yet
do not believe the man whom the religion is named after is God. Why do
they then not call themselves Jehovahians instead of Christians? JW's say
Jesus is a god just as angels are gods, but he is not God. They even
change John 1:1 in their bible from "the Word was God" to "the Word was a
god". Jesus said if anyone does not believe he was God they cannot be
saved. (John 8:24 I said therefore unto you, that ye shall die in your
sins: for if ye believe not that I am he, ye shall die in your sins.) If a
professing Christian says Jesus is not God they are not saved. It is that
simple. Jesus spoke. Another change found in their bible denying Jesus is
God can be found in Daniel 3:25 when Jesus was in the fiery furnace with
the three Hebrew men. The King James Bible says in reference to Jesus
"like the Son of God" and the New World Translation changes this to
"resembling a son of the gods". Jehovah's Witnesses say since Adam, a man,
sinned, then the "second Adam" Jesus also had to be a man and not God in
order for the atonement for the sin to be on parity; man for man. They
believe Jesus only atoned for Adam's sin and everyone else is acquitted of
sin at their death. If Jesus was only a man, he could not atone for
anyone's sins as he would have been a sinner himself in need of a Saviour.
Jehovah's Witnesses do not believe Jesus as God came in the flesh since
they do not believe he is God. They say he was merely born a man.
Scripture says that whoever says Jesus did not come in the flesh is not of
God. This proves they are not true Christians. (I John 4:1-3 Beloved,
believe not every spirit, but try the spirits whether they are of God:
because many false prophets are gone out into the world.
2 Hereby know ye the Spirit of God: Every spirit that confesseth that
Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is of God:
3 And every spirit that confesseth not that Jesus Christ is come in the
flesh is not of God: and this is that spirit of antichrist, whereof ye
have heard that it should come; and even now already is it in the world.)
The NWT changes John 1:18 from the KJB "only begotten Son" to
"only-begotten god" to deny the deity of Jesus and make it appear he was
created. "Thy throne, O God" in the KJB in Hebrews 1:8 is changed to "God
is your throne" in the NWT to again deny Jesus is God. When Thomas saw
Jesus after his resurrection he called him his Lord and God and Jesus
never told him he was not God or refused worship. The NWT agrees in John
20:28 that Thomas called Jesus God. (John 20:28 And Thomas answered and
said unto him, My Lord and my God.) This proves Jesus is God. When Stephen
was stoned to death he asked Jesus to receive his spirit which he could
not do if he was not God. (Acts 7:59 And they stoned Stephen, calling upon
God, and saying, Lord Jesus, receive my spirit.) This also shows people do
have a spirit and go somewhere after death rather than no longer existing
anymore as JW's teach. Both the KJB and NWT say this. In the next verse
Stephen asks the Lord to forgive their sin. He just referred to Jesus as
Lord in verse 59 so you know he was referring to Jesus here. The NWT
changes this to Jehovah which shows Jehovah is Jesus. (Acts 7:60 And he
kneeled down, and cried with a loud voice, Lord, lay not this sin to their
charge. And when he had said this, he fell asleep.) Jesus is not the Son
in Acts 3:26, but a Servant. The KJB in Acts 3:26 says "God, having raised
up his Son Jesus", but this is changed in the NWT to "God, after raising
up his Servant". Jehovah's Witnesses do not worship or pray to Jesus and
consider it idolatry to do so. This change came about around 1950 when
they first came out with their bible the New World Translation. The NWT
changes worshipped when it refers to Jesus to obeisance or bow in two
verses in the 2013 NWT. One example is found in Matthew 20:20 which
changes "worshipping him" to "doing obeisance". Jesus gave his seven I am
statements in John showing he was God and the I AM of the old testament.
The NWT  changes Exodus 3:14 from the KJB "I AM" to "I SHALL PROVE TO BE"
in the 1984 edition and to "I will become" in the 2013 edition to
eliminate the connection of Jesus as God. John 8:58 is changed from the
KJB "I am" to the NWT of "I have been". Many other verses are changed as
well such as John 17:5. Here are some more verses from the KJB for
Jehovah's Witnesses that show Jesus is God. (Psalm 45:6-7 Thy throne, O
God, is for ever and ever: the sceptre of thy kingdom is a right sceptre.
7 Thou lovest righteousness, and hatest wickedness: therefore God, thy
God, hath anointed thee with the oil of gladness above thy fellows.)
(Hebrews 1:8-10 But unto the Son he saith, Thy throne, O God, is for ever
and ever: a sceptre of righteousness is the sceptre of thy kingdom.
9 Thou hast loved righteousness, and hated iniquity; therefore
God, even thy God, hath anointed thee with the oil of gladness above thy
fellows.
10 And, Thou, Lord, in the beginning hast laid the foundation of the
earth; and the heavens are the works of thine hands:) Since Jehovah's
Witnesses do not believe Jesus is God, they do not worship him. This
change can be seen in their bible. The NWT in Hebrews 1:6 changes the KJB
"let all the angels of God worship him" to "let all God's angels do
obeisance to him".

6. Deny the Godhead. Jehovah's Witnesses deny the Godhead and say there is
only one God named Jehovah. This is Unitarianism. Many places in scripture
show the Godhead is real. (I John 5:7 For there are three that bear record
in heaven, the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost: and these three are
one.) I John 5:7 is removed from the NWT. (Colossians 2:9 For in him
dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead bodily.) I have already shown how
Jesus called God his Father. Jehovah's Witnesses change Spirit in Genesis
1:2 in the NWT to God's active force to support their false belief and
make God the Holy Ghost just a force. This denies his deity and makes the
Holy Ghost equal with Satan. They also change LORD in their bible to
Jehovah to again support their belief. They even used the American
Standard Version bible (ASV) for a while prior to making their own because
of its extensive use of Jehovah despite its false teachings in it. The
Holy Ghost is the "holy spirit" all lower case in the NWT again denying
his deity. They do not believe Jesus or the Holy Spirit is God. The word
Godhead is replaced all three times it is found in the KJB in the NWT with
Divine being, Godship, or divine quality depending on the verse.    

7. Salvation is not just by faith. Jehovah's Witnesses say that salvation
entails believing in Jesus by faith, but that a person also must change
the way they live (works) and be baptized (of course a Jehovah's Witness).
JW's as all cults and false religions always add works for salvation. They
say they do not, but baptism and changing your life are works. Jesus said
to believe in him and you would be saved. He never said we had to be
baptized or change our life. A person should be changing their life after
they are saved as they should not want to live a sinful life anymore, but
a godly life, but we do this out of obedience, not to save us. Baptism
will never save anyone. (Acts 16:31 And they said, Believe on the Lord
Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved, and thy house.) (Ephesians 2:8-9
For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of
yourselves: it is the gift of God:
9 Not of works, lest any man should boast.) Some verses are changed in the
NWT that show the doctrine of works salvation. I Corinthians 1:18 is
changed from the King James Bible "are saved" to the New World Translation
"are being saved". A person is either saved or they are not. We are not
being saved. This is works. Revelation 19:8 in the KJB says "righteousness
of saints" which is changed in the NWT to "righteous acts of the holy
ones". Ones acts are works. Notice how saints is holy ones. John 17:3 in
the KJB says "know" in reference to knowing Jesus which is changed in the
1984 NWT to "taking in knowledge" as if studying God's word is necessary
for salvation. Jehovah's Witnesses supposedly "study" God's word in their
Kingdom Hall meetings. We should study scripture to know Jesus, but this
is not necessary for salvation. Many people have gotten saved who never
even read any scripture, let alone studied it.  

8. Only 144,000 people will go to heaven. JW's are taught that only a
144,000 of them will go to heaven and most if not all are already there
ruling with Jesus in his kingdom. These are the only ones referred to as
being born again and allowed to take communion. The rest will stay here on
earth. I have talked with a Jehovah's Witness who said he did not want to
go to heaven and was glad he was staying here. All who are truly saved
will go to heaven. They get this number from the 144,000 mentioned in
Revelation which are Jews, not Jehovah's Witnesses. They claim they have
replaced the Jews and these verses actually refer to them. (Revelation 7:4
And I heard the number of them which were sealed: and there were sealed an
hundred and forty and four thousand of all the tribes of the children of
Israel.) This verse clearly shows it refers to the twelve tribes of Israel
and not Jehovah's Witnesses. Even the NWT has the tribes of Israel. This
belief shows there is not much hope for most Jehovah's Witnesses to go to
heaven and also shows how much works must be added to salvation to achieve
the status of being one of the select few. Revelation 14:4 speaks of the
144,000 as the firstfruits that will be in heaven meaning they are only
the firsts of many during the tribulation to be in heaven. Most Jehovah's
Witnesses have no hope to go to heaven, but can only hope to be one of the
ones who get to stay here on earth rather than be annihilated. The 144,000
was closed in 1935, though they now say some replacements may be added as
some of the 144,000 fell from the faith. They say this because most if not
all of those baptized before 1935 have died or are dying off and only they
are the ones who get revelations from God and write the Watchtower
literature. The Jehovah's Witnesses keep lying about the numbers so that
they can keep the cult alive. If they are all dead who will get
revelations? According to Watchtower literature, only the 144,000 are the
real Jehovah's Witnesses and the rest are known as "other sheep, or great
crowd" and this group stays on earth and does not need to be born again.
Those who joined after 1935 are part of the "other sheep" and are not real
Jehovah's Witnesses. This can be explained to them when witnessing to
them. Jehovah's Witnesses say they cannot know what will happen to them
until they are resurrected and judged. How sad. I John 5:13 tells us we
can know we have eternal life if we believe in Jesus as God and believe
the gospel as in scripture. Those who believe will go to heaven, not just
144,000 as the JW's believe. (I John 5:13 These things have I written unto
you that believe on the name of the Son of God; that ye may know that ye
have eternal life, and that ye may believe on the name of the Son of God.)
(Romans 10:13 For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be
saved.) Matthew 5:19 in the NWT is changed from the KJB "least in the
kingdom of heaven" to "'least' in relation to the kingdom of the heavens".
This tries to justify that only the 144, 000 will go to heaven.
Philippians 3:20 says our conversation is in heaven as all Christians
should look forward to going there. The NWT changes the KJB "our
conversation is in heaven" to "our citizenship exists in the heavens".
They imply we are citizens of heaven, but do not necessarily live there.
This is similar to many American citizens living in foreign nations, but
they are still citizens here in the U.S.

9. No literal hell. Jehovah's Witnesses say there is no fiery hell of
torment, but people who die will just "pass out of existence". They
believe in annihilation. All cults either deny hell or at least minimize
it so that it is not that bad. Jesus talked more about a real hell than he
did heaven. (Mark 9:45 And if thy foot offend thee, cut it off: it is
better for thee to enter halt into life, than having two feet to be cast
into hell, into the fire that never shall be quenched:) This was a real
story of a real person, not a parable. The rich man who went to hell said
he was in torment and he is still in hell today being tormented. (Luke
16:23 And in hell he lift up his eyes, being in torments, and seeth
Abraham afar off, and Lazarus in his bosom.) The word hell is removed and
changed in their bible to another word such as Sheol, Gehenna, Hades, and
Tartarus (all untranslated words) to support their belief of no hell. Some
verses on hell such as Mark 9:44 and Mark 9:46 which show hell fire is
never quenched are removed in the NWT. The JW website says this about
hell: "The final punishment for those who oppose God is, not eternal
torment, but "everlasting destruction." The belief of annihilation can be
seen in the change in the NWT in Matthew 25:46 where the KJB says
"everlasting punishment" which is changed in the NWT to "everlasting
cutting-off". The word damnation in the NWT is also removed and changed to
judgment.

10. Dead feel nothing. JW's believe that the dead are conscious of nothing
including pain or pleasure in some spirit realm, but rather do not exist
except in God's memory. They can only hope to be resurrected in the
future. JW's believe the saved will be here on earth and the unsaved will
get a second chance to get saved. There is no second chance after death.
(Hebrews 9:27 And as it is appointed unto men once to die, but after this
the judgment:) For Christians when we die we go immediately to God and do
have pleasure and know we exist. We are alive. (II Corinthians 5:8 We are
confident, I say, and willing rather to be absent from the body, and to be
present with the Lord.) I already mentioned how the rich man went to hell
when he died and he was in torment and he also remembered his brothers and
did not want them coming to hell as he did, but for Lazarus to be sent to
them to preach to them. (Luke 16:28 For I have five brethren; that he may
testify unto them, lest they also come into this place of torment.)  

11. Never display the cross. JW's never wear a cross or display it in
their congregations or homes. Their worship places are known as Kingdom
Halls and congregations, not churches. Mormons, another cult do the same.
No Christian should be ashamed of the cross.

12. Holy Ghost is not God. Jehovah's Witnesses belief the Holy Ghost is
not God or a person, but rather God's force. They refer to him as "it".
This denies the deity of the Holy Ghost. I already mentioned the change in
Genesis 1:2 from Spirit to God's force in their bible. (I John 5:7 For
there are three that bear record in heaven, the Father, the Word, and the
Holy Ghost: and these three are one.) (Acts 5:3-4 But Peter said, Ananias,
why hath Satan filled thine heart to lie to the Holy Ghost, and to keep
back part of the price of the land?
4 Whiles it remained, was it not thine own? and after it was sold, was it
not in thine own power? why hast thou conceived this thing in thine heart?
thou hast not lied unto men, but unto God.) Ananias lied to the Holy Ghost
and then verse 4 says he lied to God. Both of these verses show he is God
and a person as a force cannot be lied to.

13. Jesus was never resurrected in his body. Jehovah's Witnesses believe
that Jesus died on the cross and passed out of existence and on the third
day he was recreated as the archangel Michael. "God disposed of Jesus'
body, not allowing it to see corruption and thus preventing its becoming a
stumbling block to faith." (The Watchtower, November 15, 1991, page 31).
They also teach the body of Jesus was hid. They deny a physical
resurrection of Jesus. Jesus had to be physically resurrected or it served
no purpose. All people will have their spiritual bodies resurrected
someday. (I Corinthians 15:44 It is sown a natural body; it is raised a
spiritual body. There is a natural body, and there is a spiritual body.)
The resurrection of Jesus is the whole basis of Christianity that
separates Christianity from all other religions. Jesus is alive today
whereas all other religious founders such as Mohammed, Buddha, and Joseph
Smith are dead. Paul even said that without the resurrection of Jesus, our
faith was for nothing. (I Corinthians 15:14 And if Christ be not risen,
then is our preaching vain, and your faith is also vain.) Jesus even said
after his resurrection that he had a body of flesh and bone and told his
disciples to touch him. (Luke 24:39 Behold my hands and my feet, that it
is I myself: handle me, and see; for a spirit hath not flesh and bones, as
ye see me have.) The NWT agrees with the KJB here in this verse. The NWT
is changed to support this belief in some verses. I Peter 3:18 is changed
from the KJB "being put to death in the flesh, but quickened by the
Spirit:" to "put to death in the flesh but made alive in the spirit." The
KJB says Jesus was made alive (quickened) by the Holy Ghost. It never says
only in the spirit as in the NWT. All other people in scripture were
raised physically not spiritually so why would Jesus not have been? Jesus
said his body was a temple and would be raised in three days. (John 2:19
Jesus answered and said unto them, Destroy this temple, and in three days
I will raise it up.) (John 2:21But he spake of the temple of his body.)
The NWT agrees with the KJB in these two verses.

14. People have no soul. Jehovah's Witnesses believe that people have no
soul and say there is no invisible soul or spirit that is separate from
the physical body and that at death of the physical body there is no soul
or spirit that lives on. Scripture says we have all three and that we
worship in spirit. (I Thessalonians 5:23 And the very God of peace
sanctify you wholly; and I pray God your whole spirit and soul and body be
preserved blameless unto the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ.) (Hebrews
4:12 For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any
twoedged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit,
and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and
intents of the heart.) How can our soul and spirit be divided if they are
nonexistent? (Ecclesiastes 12:7 Then shall the dust return to the earth as
it was: and the spirit shall return unto God who gave it.) Ecclesiastes
12:7 also shows that when people die they are not annihilated, but rather
their spirit returns to God. (Zechariah 12:1 The burden of the word of the
LORD for Israel, saith the LORD, which stretcheth forth the heavens, and
layeth the foundation of the earth, and formeth the spirit of man within
him.) (John 4:24 God is a Spirit: and they that worship him must worship
him in spirit and in truth.) (John 6:63 It is the spirit that quickeneth;
the flesh profiteth nothing: the words that I speak unto you, they are
spirit, and they are life.) The NWT makes changes in I John 4:1 since they
believe people do not have a spirit. The problem is this verse is not
speaking of the spirit in man, but rather spirits in reference to angels.
This verse is to warn us to beware of devils who try to deceive us. The
Jehovah's Witnesses are removing much in this verse so they are not tried
and found guilty as false prophets. The KJB is changed from "believe not
every spirit" to "do not believe every inspired expression" in the NWT. If
something is inspired it means it is from God, so the NWT is saying do not
always believe God and JW's do not or they would not believe the things
they do. The NWT changes Genesis 2:7 in the KJB which shows man is really
a soul that is temporarily in a physical body from "man became a living
soul" to "man became a living person" to deny that man has a soul.   

15. We have been in the last days since 1914. Jehovah's Witnesses believe
that we have been living in the last days since 1914 and that some who saw
those events in 1914 will see the complete destruction of the present
wicked world [from JW website]. There cannot be many people alive today
from 1914, let alone a Jehovah's Witness who saw this. A newborn would be
107 years old as of 2021 and you would have to be older than that to have
seen the events. As most of the supposed Witnesses who saw this die off
they have tried to hide this fact or change the date since supposedly only
these people are true Jehovah's Witnesses who hear from God and can
determine doctrine. If they all die off, the cult is dead. It is true that
we are living in the last days, but not the way the Jehovah's Witnesses
believe. Jehovah's Witnesses teach that Jesus returned in 1914 spiritually
and set up his kingdom in heaven where he is today reigning in a real
government. They believe most of the 144,000 are already in heaven with
Jesus. The second coming of Jesus will be visible to the whole world, not
invisible or spiritual. (Matthew 24:30 And then shall appear the sign of
the Son of man in heaven: and then shall all the tribes of the earth
mourn, and they shall see the Son of man coming in the clouds of heaven
with power and great glory.) (II Thessalonians 1:7 And to you who are
troubled rest with us, when the Lord Jesus shall be revealed from heaven
with his mighty angels,) The NWT bible is changed to show this belief by
changing Jesus is coming in verses to "presence" as if Jesus is already
here. Here are a couple examples: I Thessalonians 4:15 is changed from
"the coming of the Lord" to "the presence of the Lord" and I Thessalonians
5:23 from "the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ" to "the presence of our
Lord Jesus Christ". 

16. Jehovah's Witnesses trace back to Abel. Jehovah's Witnesses say they
only restored true Christianity in their modern start in the late 1870's,
but they really go all the way back to faithful Abel and say the verses of
faithful men from Hebrews 11:4-12:1 represents them. They say they got
their modern name of Jehovah's Witnesses in 1931 from Isaiah 43:10-12.
These verses are not referring to Jehovah's Witnesses.

17. Jesus is not eternal. Jehovah's Witnesses do not believe that Jesus is
eternal, but rather a created being as I previously mentioned. Their New
world Translation bible shows this in John 8:58 where Jesus said he was
God and eternal by changing from the King James Bible "Before Abraham was,
I am" to "before Abraham came into existence, I have been". The Pharisees
recognized Jesus was saying he was God when he said I am and this is why
they crucified him.

18. God did not purchase the church with his own blood. Jesus as God
purchased the church with his own blood. Since the Jehovah's Witnesses do
not believe Jesus is God they had to change Acts 20:28 in their bible to
say "his own Son" rather than "his own blood" since they believe Jesus was
just a man. It is subtle and deceitful the way they do things as all cults
do. Acts 20:28 in the King James Bible is changed from "to feed the church
of God, which he hath purchased with his own blood" to "to shepherd the
congregation of God, which he purchased with the blood of his own Son" in
their New World Translation bible. 

19. Must read two books before being baptized. A Jehovah's Witness must
read two books and answer a hundred questions before being allowed to be
baptized. Scripture says to be baptized you just have to believe that
Jesus Christ is the Son of God, not read books and answer lots of
questions. (Acts 8:36-37 And as they went on their way, they came unto a
certain water: and the eunuch said, See, here is water; what doth hinder
me to be baptized?
37 And Philip said, If thou believest with all thine heart, thou mayest.
And he answered and said, I believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of God.)
I do believe that a person should be asked about their testimony of
salvation to as best as we can tell see if they are saved and then briefly
explain to them the reason and meaning of baptism, but it is not necessary
to read books and ask all these questions.

20. Baptized in the name of Jehovah's Witnesses, not the Godhead.
Jehovah's Witnesses are baptized in the name of the Watch Tower
organization, not in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost
as scripture says. (Matthew 28:19 ¶ Go ye therefore, and teach all
nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of
the Holy Ghost:)  

21. New Age Movement terms used in NWT. Many New Age terms are used in the
NWT. The New Age Movement is from Satan, not God so why would a supposed
Christian church use these terms in its bible? The New Age Movement is
part of the coming satanic New World Order. One example is the Holy Ghost
who is the Comforter is "the helper" in lower case in John 14:26. Lower
case denies the deity of the Holy Ghost and the term "the helper" is a
term used by New Agers for devils who possess them or at least assist
them. This is blasphemy and is close to the unpardonable sin of
attributing the work of the Holy Ghost to the devil. Jesus himself said in
(Matthew 12:31-32 ¶ Wherefore I say unto you, All manner of sin and
blasphemy shall be forgiven unto men: but the blasphemy against the Holy
Ghost shall not be forgiven unto men.
32 And whosoever speaketh a word against the Son of man, it shall be
forgiven him: but whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost, it shall not
be forgiven him, neither in this world, neither in the world to come.) The
word human is used in the NWT in such places as Hebrews 12:9. Human comes
from the names of two false gods. Another term used in the NWT is "the
One" in such places as Revelation 21:5 which is a term New Agers use for
Satan. I Peter 2:9 changes "generation" to the New Age term and
evolutionist term "race". There are no races. We are all of one blood.
Race is a way Satan tries to segregate groups of people against another.
(Acts 17:26 And hath made of one blood all nations of men for to dwell on
all the face of the earth, and hath determined the times before appointed,
and the bounds of their habitation;) The term "the Christ" is also
sometimes used in place of "Christ" such as Acts 2:31. This is the second
most popular term used by New Agers after "the One". The term "way" is
also capitalized in some verses such as Acts 22:4. New Agers used the
capitalized "Way" to represent the way of the New Age and also Satan.
These are just some examples. One silly translation found in the NWT is in
Job 6:6 which in the KJB says "is there any taste in the white of an egg?"
to "is there any taste in the slimy juice of marshmallow?". This is not a
New Age term, but shows the errors of translation. The New International
Version (NIV) which many professing Christians believe is such a great
version, when it is garbage and a perversion, has sometimes been used by
Jehovah's Witnesses instead of the NWT when witnessing since it is such a
popular bible version and people are more comfortable with it. It nearly
agrees with the NWT in most places. No Christian would ever use a NWT, yet
they will use the NIV with no problem when it agrees in most places (over
90%) with the NWT. Wake up Christians. This should be a warning to all
those who use the NIV on how corrupt it is as the Jehovah's Witnesses will
use it for their own. 

22. Believe in an old earth. Their website says "Jehovah's Witnesses have
no objection to credible scientific research that indicates the earth may
be billions of years old." Their NWT bible makes changes to support this
belief. The NWT changes the KJB "the first day" and "the second day" along
with the rest of the other days as found in Genesis 1:5, 1:8, et cetera to
"a first day", "a second day", et cetera. This allows for any length of
time for each day and fits in with the day-age theory and other old earth
beliefs such as the gap theory, all of which are unscriptural. Their own
website says these were not literal 24 hour days to show this is why this
change was made in their bible. The website says "the word "day" in the
Bible can refer to a considerable length of time". The website also says
the earth and universe existed prior to the creation which again allows
for an old earth. Scripture says the earth is a little less than 6,000
years old if you add up the genealogies found in Genesis 5. The NWT also
changes "end of the world" as found in the KJB in such places as Matthew
28:20 to "conclusion of the system of things" with a footnote saying this
means end of an age. Age is not only a New Age term, but is used by modern
bibles to promote an old earth as evolutionists say that the earth is made
up of many ages such as the age of dinosaurs in order to promote an old
earth.

23. A few other changes made in the NWT to fit their doctrines. Jehovah's
Witnesses are well known for going door to door to try and win converts.
This is similar to Mormons another cult. Jehovah's Witnesses believe in
public preaching and have made a change in their bible to show this
belief. I do believe in public preaching and do admire both of these cults
for going door to door. I just wish more Baptists would do that, but
Romans 10:10 is not referring to public preaching like they believe.
Romans 10:10 is about confessing with our mouths that Jesus is God and
that Jesus rose from the grave as verse 9 says. We confess this to God.
Now I do believe a person should confess this to their pastor and before
the church prior to being baptized, but this verse has nothing to do with
the door to door evangelism done by Jehovah's Witnesses. (Romans 10:10 For
with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth
confession is made unto salvation. [KJB]) (Romans 10:10 For with the heart
one exercises faith for righteousness, but with the mouth one makes public
declarationfor salvation. [NWT]) We can see this changed in Hebrews 13:15
as well. (Hebrews 13:15 By him therefore let us offer the sacrifice of
praise to God continually, that is, the fruit of our lips giving thanks to
his name. [KJB]) (Hebrews 13:15 Through him let us always offer to God a
sacrifice of praise,that is, the fruit of our lipsthat make public
declaration to his name. [NWT]) The JW's website says of them getting
their new name of Jehovah's Witnesses "this was a clever move that not
only provided an official name for the group but also made it easy for
them to interpret all the Biblical references to "witness" and
"witnessing" as applying specifically to Jehovah's Witnesses." They admit
that they now try to say all scripture verses about witness or witnessing
refer to them and only Jehovah's Witnesses. This is twisting scripture,
something all cults do.

The comma is moved in Luke 23:43 so that the thief is no longer in
paradise with Jesus that very day of their deaths as in the KJB to now in
the NWT Jesus tells the thief that day that someday he will be with him,
but the thief will not see paradise until sometime in the future. This
supports their false doctrine that Jesus did not set up his kingdom until
1914, so the thief would not have been there that day. (Luke 23:43 And
Jesus said unto him, Verily I say unto thee, To day shalt thou be with me
in paradise. [KJB]) (Luke 23:43 And he said to him: "Truly I tell you
today, you will be with me in Paradise." [2013 NWT])

Worship is changed to do obeisance for Jesus since they do not
believe he is God and do not worship him. One example is Mark 5:6 where
the KJB "worshipped him" is changed in the NWT to "did obeisance to him".
This also shows works which JW's believe is necessary for salvation.    

There are many more changes made in their bible than the ones I have
mentioned.

24. Prohibit blood transfusions. Jehovah's Witnesses teach that scripture
prohibits blood transfusions. They are not allowed to get them, donate
blood or even store their own blood for a future blood transfusion. This
includes the four components of blood as well which are red and white
blood cells, platelets, and plasma. Many wear a dog tag saying they are a
Jehovah's Witness and to not give them a blood transfusion. Many have died
for refusing to get blood. They twist the following scriptures to come up
with their false doctrine. This came about in 1945 showing how their
doctrine changes over time as all cults do. This doctrine itself has
changed over the years. Hospitals are given instructions on how to deal
with Jehovah's Witnesses. If a Jehovah's Witness gets a blood transfusion
they will be banned and shunned. Here are some verses used by Jehovah's
Witnesses to try and justify this false doctrine. (Genesis 9:4 But flesh
with the life thereof, which is the blood thereof, shall ye not eat.)
(Leviticus 17:10 ¶ And whatsoever man there be of the house of Israel, or
of the strangers that sojourn among you, that eateth any manner of blood;
I will even set my face against that soul that eateth blood, and will cut
him off from among his people.) (Acts 15:28-29 For it seemed good to the
Holy Ghost, and to us, to lay upon you no greater burden than these
necessary things;
29 That ye abstain from meats offered to idols, and from blood, and from
things strangled, and from fornication: from which if ye keep yourselves,
ye shall do well. Fare ye well.) You do not eat the blood in a blood
transfusion. This thinking is similar to the cult of Roman Catholicism
that teaches that they are literally drinking the blood of Jesus when they
are in reality drinking wine. Cults always twist scripture. Mark 7:15 says
what is from the outside of man cannot defile him, but rather what is
inside. This shows blood transfusions are ok. (Mark 7:15 There is nothing
from without a man, that entering into him can defile him: but the things
which come out of him, those are they that defile the man.)

Verses for witnessing

When witnessing to Jehovah's Witnesses, you need to get them to lose
trust in the Watch Tower Society as that is their only hope. Here are some
scriptures for any Jehovah's Witness who may be listening or for others to
use to show them that Jehovah and Jesus are the same when they deny Jesus
is. (Isaiah 45:22 Look unto me, and be ye saved, all the ends of the
earth: for I am God, and there is none else. [KJB]) (Isaiah 45:22 Turn to
me and be saved, all the ends of the earth, For I am God, and there is no
one else. [2013 NWT] Jehovah's Witnesses say that only Jehovah is God and
that this verses use of God refers to Jehovah. Acts 4:12 in reference to
Jesus says that Jesus is the only name that can save us. (Acts 4:12
Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name
under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved. [KJB]) The NWT
agrees with the KJB here in Acts. Isaiah 45:23 says every knee will bow to
God spoken of in verse 22 of Isaiah 45 and he has sworn to himself.
(Isaiah 45:23 I have sworn by myself, the word is gone out of my mouth in
righteousness, and shall not return, That unto me every knee shall bow,
every tongue shall swear. [KJB]) (Isaiah 45:23 By myself I have sworn; The
word has gone out of my mouth in righteousness, And it will not return:To
me every knee will bend, Every tongue will swear loyalty [2013 NWT]) Now
Philippians 2:10-11 repeats this verse, but now says it will be Jesus who
we will bow before. If we only bow before God and this speaks of Jehovah
in Isaiah 45:23 then Jesus must be Jehovah and God. (Philippians 2:10-11
That at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, of things in heaven,
and things in earth, and things under the earth;
11 And that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the
glory of God the Father. [KJB]) (Philippians 2:10-11 so that in the name
of Jesus every knee should bend-of those in heaven and those on earth and
those under the ground11 and every tongue should openly acknowledge that
Jesus Christ is Lordto the glory of God the Father. [2013 NWT]) Isaiah
43:11 says the LORD is the only Saviour, yet Jesus said he was because he
is Jehovah and our Saviour. (Isaiah 43:11 I, even I, am the LORD; and
beside me there is no saviour. [KJB]) (Isaiah 43:11 I-I am Jehovah,and
besides me there is no savior." [2013 NWT]) Acts 4:12 that we just read
says only the name of Jesus will save you and many other verses say Jesus
is our Saviour. Isaiah 45:21 says there is only one God and he is the
Saviour. (Isaiah 45:21 Tell ye, and bring them near; yea, let them take
counsel together: who hath declared this from ancient time? who hath told
it from that time? have not I the LORD? and there is no God else beside
me; a just God and a Saviour; there is none beside me. [KJB]) (Isaiah
45:21 Make your report, present your case. Let them consult together in
unity. Who foretold this long ago And declared it from times past? Is it
not I, Jehovah? There is no other God but me; A righteous God and a
Savior,there is none besides me. ]2013 NWT]) The NWT says the LORD here is
Jehovah which shows if Jesus is the Saviour he must be Jehovah.
Philippians 3:20 shows Jesus is the Saviour. (Philippians 3:20 For our
conversation is in heaven; from whence also we look for the Saviour, the
Lord Jesus Christ: [KJB]) The NWT agrees Jesus is the Saviour Jehovah's
Witnesses are looking for. (Philippians 3:20 But our citizenshipexists in
the heavens,and we are eagerly waiting for a savior from there, the Lord
Jesus Christ, [NWT]) All three members of the Godhead are God and so are
Jehovah. God the Father, God the Son or Jesus Christ, and God the Holy
Ghost are all Jehovah. Isaiah 40:3 prophesies of John the Baptist
preparing the way for the LORD who is God. The NWT says preparing the way
for Jehovah. (Isaiah 40:3 ¶ The voice of him that crieth in the
wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the LORD, make straight in the desert a
highway for our God. [KJB]) (Isaiah 40:3 A voice of one calling out in the
wilderness: "Clear up the way of Jehovah!Make a straight highwaythrough
the desert for our God. [2013 NWT]) (Matthew 3:3 For this is he that was
spoken of by the prophet Esaias, saying, The voice of one crying in the
wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the Lord, make his paths straight.
[KJB]) (Matthew 3:3 This, in fact, is the one spoken of through Isaiah the
prophetin these words: "A voice of one calling out in the wilderness:
'Prepare the way of Jehovah! Make his roads straight.'" [2013 NWT])
Scripture in other places clearly shows John the Baptist cleared the way
for Jesus. So if as in the NWT he cleared the way for Jehovah and Jesus is
who John the Baptist cleared the way for, then Jesus must be Jehovah.
Isaiah 41:4 and Isaiah 44:6 say Jehovah is the first and the last and then
verses in Revelation say Jesus is first and last showing he is none other
than Jehovah and is God who has always existed and was not created.
(Isaiah 41:4 Who hath wrought and done it, calling the generations from
the beginning? I the LORD, the first, and with the last; I am he. [KJB])
(Isaiah 41:4 Who has acted and done this, Summoning the generations from
the beginning? I, Jehovah, am the First One;And with the last ones I am
the same." [2013 NWT]) (Isaiah 44:6 Thus saith the LORD the King of
Israel, and his redeemer the LORD of hosts; I am the first, and I am the
last; and beside me there is no God. [KJB]) (Isaiah 44:6 This is what
Jehovah says, The King of Israeland his Repurchaser,Jehovah of armies:' I
am the first and I am the last.There is no God but me. [2013 NWT])
(Revelation 1:11 Saying, I am Alpha and Omega, the first and the last:
and, What thou seest, write in a book, and send it unto the seven churches
which are in Asia; unto Ephesus, and unto Smyrna, and unto Pergamos, and
unto Thyatira, and unto Sardis, and unto Philadelphia, and unto Laodicea.
[KJB]) The NWT removes the phrase "I am Alpha and Omega, the first and the
last" in Revelation 1:11. (Revelation 1:17 And when I saw him, I fell at
his feet as dead. And he laid his right hand upon me, saying unto me, Fear
not; I am the first and the last: [KJB]) (Revelation 1:17 When I saw him,
I fell as dead at his feet.And he laid his right hand on me and said: "Do
not be afraid. I am the Firstand the Last, [2013 NWT]) (Revelation 2:8 And
unto the angel of the church in Smyrna write; These things saith the first
and the last, which was dead, and is alive; [KJB]) (Revelation 2:8 "And to
the angel of the congregation in Smyrʹna write: These are the things that
he says, 'the First and the Last,'who became dead and came to life again:
[2013 NWT]) (Revelation 22:13 I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the
end, the first and the last. [KJB]) (Revelation 22:13 I am the Alʹpha and
the O·meʹga, the first and the last, the beginning and the end. [2013
NWT]) Jesus is the one who was making all of these I am the first and the
last statements in Revelation so if Jehovah is the first and the last as
seen in Isaiah 41:4 and Isaiah 44:6 then Jesus must be Jehovah. Revelation
2:8 says the first and the last died and is now alive. The NWT says the
first and the last is Jehovah. When did Jehovah die? On the other hand
this is easy to see as Jesus who is Jehovah did die and is now alive. This
is the only time God died so the first and the last must be Jesus who is
Jehovah. Zechariah 12:10 says they will look on him who they pierced.
(Zechariah 12:10 And I will pour upon the house of David, and upon the
inhabitants of Jerusalem, the spirit of grace and of supplications: and
they shall look upon me whom they have pierced, and they shall mourn for
him, as one mourneth for his only son, and shall be in bitterness for him,
as one that is in bitterness for his firstborn. [KJB]) (Zechariah 12:10 "I
will pour out on the house of David and on the inhabitants of Jerusalem
the spirit of favor and supplication, and they will look to the one whom
they pierced,and they will wail over him as they would wail over an only
son; and they will grieve bitterly over him as they would grieve over a
firstborn son. [2013 NWT]) John 19:37 says this prophecy was fulfilled by
Jesus when he was crucified and pierced by a spear. (John 19:37 And again
another scripture saith, They shall look on him whom they pierced. [KJB])
(John 19:37 And again, a different scripture says: "They will look to the
one whom they pierced." [2013 NWT]) Revelation 1:7 also shows Jesus is the
one who was pierced. These comparisons of the many verses all show that
Jesus is Jehovah, so precious Jehovah's Witness please turn to Jesus now
and ask him to save you and leave the Jehovah's Witnesses now.  

Signs of a cult.

There are many signs of a cult that are recognized by all cult
authorities. Here are some of them and we will see how Jehovah's Witnesses
fit the definition of a cult. Not all signs are shown. Not every cult will
fit every sign mentioned below. I have already clearly shown how Jehovah's
Witnesses is false Christianity with all of their false doctrines that
contradict scripture and now they fit the description of a cult.

1. The leader is the ultimate authority and above the law and is
infallible. This has been shown in the Governing Body of the Jehovah's
Witnesses led by the president who make all doctrinal decisions and have
authority of discipline. They often claim they are equal, but the reality
is a different story.

2. The group suppresses criticism and one is only to read approved
sources. The Jehovah's Witnesses have always tried to silence their
opponents and critics and has often forbad Jehovah's Witnesses from
reading the truth not only in scripture, but in other books and sources.
Jehovah's Witnesses are very defensive to anyone who criticizes them and
will try to silence them. Baptists and true Christians do not do this.

3. Cults try to never let a member leave. Jehovah's Witnesses have a long
history of doing this to their people. Those that do are normally shunned
by their families and friends and other Jehovah's Witnesses.

4. Cults claim to be the one true church and salvation is only by them.
Jehovah's Witnesses say this and like other cults claim they go back to
the apostles. Salvation is by Jesus Christ, not a church.

5. Only the leaders of the cult can understand their literature. This is
what Jehovah's Witnesses' leaders say. Jehovah's Witnesses are told they
can only understand scripture by studying Watch Tower literature along
with it.

6. Cults add to scripture and often have their own books. I have shown how
Jehovah's Witnesses add the Watchtower and Awake magazines. Jehovah's
Witnesses also have their own bible just like Roman Catholicism.

7. Cults subtract from scripture. Jehovah's Witnesses remove many verses
and words from their bible.  

8. Cults use intimidation and fear for obedience. Jehovah's Witnesses have
done this over the years threatening expulsion and other punishment. They
even have their own laws for their community of do's and don'ts.

9. Cults are often involved in illegal activities. Jehovah's Witnesses
have many cases of child molestation that have never been reported.

10. Cults always distort the gospel and add works for salvation. I have
already shown this to be true of Jehovah's Witnesses.

11. Cults use means to deceive and control their followers. I already
mentioned how the leaders will use scare tactics that Armageddon is coming
soon and that only as a Jehovah's Witness can they be ready. They have
also manipulated their bible and twisted must scripture as well as their
literature to deceive the people into believing Jesus is not God. They
have lied to them about prophecies and about hell.  

12. Cults are often legalistic on how their members must live. Jehovah's
Witnesses are the same. I have already mentioned some things such as not
celebrating birthdays and holidays and not allowed blood transfusions.
JW's are to only associate with other JW's.

13. Cults use Christian terms with different meanings than used in
scripture or in standard Christianity. Jehovah's Witnesses use many terms
with different meanings such as being born again where only the 144,000
are and the meaning of the millennial kingdom.   

14. Normally have other literature, books, et cetera that are considered
equal or above scripture. Jehovah's Witnesses have the Watchtower and
Awake magazines and their own bible the New World Translation with changes
to match their false doctrines.

15. Jesus is replaced by someone-something else or at least very
minimized. Jehovah's Witnesses deny the deity of Jesus and say he is a
created being and formerly an angel. Their bible minimizes Jesus by either
removing his titles or making them lower case removing his deity.

For those who have family members, friends, coworkers, or others that
we know in the Watch Tower Society, we need to let them know the truth and
get them out before it is eternally too late. God loves precious Jehovah's
Witnesses souls as much as anyone else and wishes that all of them would
call upon him for salvation, but they must get out of the Watch Tower
Society.

For any precious Jehovah's Witnesses souls that may be listening to
these sermons on Jehovah's Witnesses, I pray that you get out of the Watch
Tower Society and turn to the real Jesus of scripture by repenting of your
sins and admitting you are a sinner and calling upon Jesus to save you.
Satan who is the god of this world has blinded you. (II Corinthians 4:4 In
whom the god of this world hath blinded the minds of them which believe
not, lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ, who is the image of
God, should shine unto them.) Let the real Jesus of scripture open your
eyes. The Watch Tower Society will only lead you to an eternity in the
lake of fire. You must have the Jesus of scripture as your Saviour, not
the Jehovah's Witnesses Jesus who is really Satan. Jesus loves all souls
including Jehovah's Witnesses and wishes that none should perish. Today is
the day of salvation, Call upon Jesus today before it is eternally too
late. (II Peter 3:9 The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some
men count slackness; but is longsuffering to us-ward, not willing that any
should perish, but that all should come to repentance.) [II Corinthians
6:2 (For he saith, I have heard thee in a time accepted, and in the day of
salvation have I succoured thee: behold, now is the accepted time; behold,
now is the day of salvation.)] (Galatians 4:16 Am I therefore become your
enemy, because I tell you the truth?) 

Precious Jehovah's Witness, if the Watch Tower Society admits they
are not infallible and their writings are not inspired and they are not
inspired and they have been wrong many times on prophecy and they have
lied to you, then how can you trust them for your eternal soul? Why not
trust the Holy Bible that is inspired rather than the Watch Tower that
admits it is not inspired. (II Timothy 3:16 All scripture is given by
inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for
correction, for instruction in righteousness: [KJB]) (II Timothy 3:16 All
Scripture is inspired of Godand beneficial for teaching,for reproving, for
setting things straight, for disciplining in righteousness, [NWT]) Who
will you trust with your eternal soul? The uninspired Watch Tower Society
and men who have been wrong in the past and lied to you or the inspired
Holy Bible and God?  

Search for: _____________________  [ Search ]

Recent Comments

Archives

Categories

• No categories

Meta

• Log in
• Entries feed
• Comments feed
• WordPress.org

Created my free logo at LogoMakr.com

Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Copyright (c) 2024 Jesus is God and Lord Ministries | Credits
Powered by Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

