Link: profile
Link: dns-prefetch
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Feed (alternate)
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Comments Feed (alternate)
Link: preconnect
Link: preconnect
Link: https://api.w.org/
Link: alternate
Link: RSD (EditURI)
Link: canonical
Link: shortlink
Link: alternate
Link: alternate
Skip to content
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Ye Must Be Born Again

Main Menu

• HOME
• STORE
• ABOUT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD MINISTRIES
• BELIEFS
• CONTACT
• KING JAMES BIBLE TO READ AND LISTEN TO
• KING JAMES BIBLE WORDS AND PHRASES DEFINED
• WHY WE MUST BE BORN AGAIN
• WHAT MUST I DO TO BE SAVED (BE BORN AGAIN), HAVE ETERNAL LIFE AND GO
TO HEAVEN?
• NOW THAT I AM A BORN AGAIN CHRISTIAN, HOW DO I GROW (MATURE)?
• PROOF THAT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD
• SERMONS AND SCRIPTURE LESSONSMenu Toggle

• 3:16 Verses
• Abraham the obedient father and type of God the Father
• According to the word of the LORD
• Alleged Contradictions in Scripture
• Angels and spiritual beings
• Animals Teaching Man  
• Be like Jesus
• Be Thankful
• Bread in Scripture
• Christian Martyrs for Jesus
• Colors in Scripture
• Curse Israel and you will be cursed
• Dangers of Calvinism
• Deadliest battles in scripture
• Deserts in scripture and in our lives
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism
• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freedom and Liberty come from God
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise
• From the resurrection to the ascension
• Genealogies of Jesus
• Gifts of the Holy Ghost
• God is Light
• God is Love
• God the Holy Ghost
• Halloween and the connection to Satan
• Honour Thy Mother
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus is the door that all must enter for everlasting life
• Jesus is the Light of the World and Christians Should Reflect
that Light
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jesus versus Mohammad
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Jonah
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Jude
• Malachi   
• Martyrs in the Lord's Army
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Nahum
• Nehemiah 3 and the ten gates of the Jerusalem wall
• Obadiah
• Our Nation Was Founded Upon God
• Philemon
• Prayer
• Pre-incarnate Appearances of Jesus (Theophanies)
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Proof that Jesus is God
• Prophecies Fulfilled by Jesus at his First Coming
• Prophecies of the Second Coming of Jesus
• Psalm 23
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines
• Santa is Satan and his little elves are devils
• Serve in the Lord's Army
• Seven Vial Judgments of Revelation
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  
• Star of Bethlehem
• Thankful people in scripture  
• The Battle of Gog and Magog
• The Books of God
• The Crucifixion of Jesus
• The Egyptian gods and goddesses of the ten plagues and their
judgment and defeat by the God of gods
• The Exodus   
• The Good Samaritan
• The Gospel in Stone
• The Gospel in the Stars
• The Greatest Father Anyone Can Have And Everyone Needs
• The Handwriting of God
• The Illegal Trial of Jesus
• The King James Bible Built-in Dictionary
• The Miracles at the Crucifixion of Jesus
• The New Year's resolutions that need to be kept
• The Number Seven in Scripture
• The Number Three in Scripture  
• The Riotous Son
• The True Creationism of the Scriptures versus False Theories
• The Unscriptural Flat Earth Theory
• The Unscriptural Lucifer Flood  
• The Widow Woman and the Oil  
• The Word Became Flesh
• Types of the Holy Ghost in scripture
• Was Jesus born on Christmas?
• Was Jesus Crucified on Friday?
• Water in Scripture
• Weather in scripture
• Who are the sons of God of Genesis 6?
• Work is from God
• Worshipping God in psalms, hymns, and spiritual songs
• Zephaniah

• VIDEOS
• HYMNS
• FOR PRECIOUS JEWISH SOULSMenu Toggle

• Meet the Jewish Messiah
• False Religion of Judaism
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  

• FOR PRECIOUS ROMAN CATHOLIC SOULSMenu Toggle

• False Doctrines of Roman Catholicism
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• CULTSMenu Toggle

• Roman CatholicismMenu Toggle

• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism

• FALSE RELIGIONSMenu Toggle

• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise

• RECOMMENDED BOOKS FOR READING
• LINKS
• CHECKOUT
• New items are available in the store for purchase.

0

Nahum

Nahum is the 34^th book in both the old testament and in the Holy
Bible. The book of Nahum is part 2 and the conclusion to the book of Jonah
and the city of Nineveh. We saw in our study on Jonah how Jonah was sent
to Nineveh by God to tell them he was going to destroy the city for its
wickedness, but the people repented and turned to God so he spared the
city for a while until another generation come up that turned from God and
back to their old wickedness. Nahum warns that this time God will destroy
the city of Nineveh just as he had planned previously. God does destroy
Nineveh for good and it is never rebuilt. Such a sad conclusion to the
story of Nineveh that ended so well in the book of Jonah! This shows that
God will keep his promises and how he will always deal with sin and
rebellion even if things start out well. This should even be a warning to
Christians and more importantly to the United States of America. God may
postpone the destruction of the wicked, but eventually their destruction
will come. Nineveh was destroyed by the Medes and Babylonians in 612 BC.
Both of these nations were under the control of the Assyrian Empire and
had revolted against it. Nineveh was once the world's largest city located
on the Tigris River near modern day Mosel, Iraq. It is believed that Nahum
prophesied of the coming destruction of Nineveh about 42-51 years before
God destroyed it so Nahum would have probably preached sometime between
663-654 BC, so this would be somewhere between 78-127 years after Jonah
went to Nineveh to preach and the Ninevites repented. We do not know the
exact timing of Jonah's preaching or Nineveh's repentance or of Nahum's
prophesying which accounts for the large time period. Some say Nineveh
repented in 760 BC. I would like to think Nineveh's repentance lasted
longer than 78 years and was closer to at least 100 years. But only God
knows. Nahum 3:8 mentions the destruction of No which is believed to be
the same city as Thebes, Egypt. If this is true, Thebes was destroyed in
663 BC, but came back to power in 654 BC so Nahum most likely preached
sometime between these dates. This would also line up with Judah being
under the control of the Assyrian Empire during the reign of Manasseh who
reigned from 697 to 642 BC. All of these dates may be incorrect as
different sources have different dates for various events in history, but
they are probably a close estimate to give you some idea of the time
period we are talking about. Nineveh was completely destroyed by fire just
as Nahum prophesied and was hid just as he prophesied as well (Nahum 3:1).
Archeologists only found the city in the 1800's well after its
destruction. What was once the capital of a world power became hidden to
the world.

Nahum is considered one of the minor prophets. The book of Nahum
consists of three chapters.

Jonah did not want to go to Nineveh to preach repentance to the
wicked people, yet it never says Nahum tried to fight against God whose
task in many ways was worse than Jonah's as he preached Nineveh would not
be destroyed if the people repented whereas Nahum had the task of telling
these same wicked and cruel people that no matter what God was going to
destroy Nineveh as he had had enough of their sin. I am sure he was not
very popular.  

(Nahum 1:1 The burden of Nineveh. The book of the vision of Nahum the
Elkoshite.) This verse tells us that Nahum wrote this book after a vision
from God and it was about the burden of Nineveh.  

(Nahum 1:2 God is jealous, and the LORD revengeth; the LORD
revengeth, and is furious; the LORD will take vengeance on his
adversaries, and he reserveth wrath for his enemies.) This verse shows
that God is jealous and he will bring vengeance and revenge against his
enemies, which includes all enemies of Israel with Assyria having been one
of Israel's greatest enemies and therefore one of God's enemies. The verse
says God reserves wrath for his enemies. God will allow the enemies of
Israel for a while to try and keep his chosen people on a righteous path
and God will allow them to punish his people for a time, but he will
ultimately bring about their destruction as God cannot and will not
tolerate hatred against his people or sin of any kind by any nation
regardless of who they are or how powerful they may think they are. This
applies to the United States as well. Scripture says vengeance is of the
LORD. Vengeance and revenge belong only to God, not us. Let God destroy
our enemies, not us taking matters into our own hands. (Romans 12:19
Dearly beloved, avenge not yourselves, but rather give place unto wrath:
for it is written, Vengeance is mine; I will repay, saith the Lord.) God
is jealous of Israel who is his firstborn and will not tolerate harm
against them for too long. God is also jealous of those such as Assyria
who worship false gods rather than him. One of God's names is Jealous.
(Exodus 4:22 And thou shalt say unto Pharaoh, Thus saith the LORD, Israel
is my son, even my firstborn:) (Exodus 34:14 For thou shalt worship no
other god: for the LORD, whose name is Jealous, is a jealous God:)   

(Nahum 1:3 The LORD is slow to anger, and great in power, and will
not at all acquit the wicked: the LORD hath his way in the whirlwind and
in the storm, and the clouds are the dust of his feet.) We see in this
verse that God is slow to anger, but he will not allow the wicked to get
away with their sin. God does not wish that any should perish and this is
why he is slow to anger or else we all would deserve to be destroyed by
God as we are all sinners and none are righteous in God's eyes. Since God
is a righteous Judge then he must punish the wicked. We sometimes think
the wicked get away with their sin, but even if they do here on earth,
they will still get their due from God after their death. (Genesis 18:25
That be far from thee to do after this manner, to slay the righteous with
the wicked: and that the righteous should be as the wicked, that be far
from thee: Shall not the Judge of all the earth do right?) We also see in
this verse that God is great in power and how he controls the storms. This
verse states a scientific fact that was most likely not known in Nahum's
day. It says the clouds are the dust of his feet. Today we know that
clouds form when dust particles are in the air and water condenses on the
dust particles and thus forms the visible clouds that we see.

(Nahum 1:4 He rebuketh the sea, and maketh it dry, and drieth up all
the rivers: Bashan languisheth, and Carmel, and the flower of Lebanon
languisheth.) This verse says God rebuketh the sea. This refers to when
God dried up the Red sea so the Israelites could cross over on dry land.
God also keeps the sea in place with the sand on the shore so that it
cannot cross and flood the earth again. (Jeremiah 5:22 Fear ye not me?
saith the LORD: will ye not tremble at my presence, which have placed the
sand for the bound of the sea by a perpetual decree, that it cannot pass
it: and though the waves thereof toss themselves, yet can they not
prevail; though they roar, yet can they not pass over it?) Let Jeremiah
5:22 be a lesson to all of those who teach the false myth of global
warming and the sea is going to rise and flood all of the coastal cities
so they will be underwater. God says it will not happen so trust him, not
atheistic scientists who believe in false science. God is so powerful that
he controls the sea to bring great storms as he did when Jonah rebelled
and he also rebukes the sea to stop storms such as when Jesus calmed the
sea. (Matthew 8:26 And he saith unto them, Why are ye fearful, O ye of
little faith? Then he arose, and rebuked the winds and the sea; and there
was a great calm.) Nothing is out of God's control.

God drieth up the rivers is probably a reference to the crossing of
the Jordan on dry ground just like was done with the Red sea. God also
dries up rivers even today as nations are full of sin and God will bring
droughts. Out west, many lakes and rivers are drying up due to the severe
drought that has been going on for years as God is tired of America's
sins. God will dry up the Euphrates river during the tribulation to allow
the 200 million man army to cross over from the east (China and Oriental
nations) to confront the antichrist. (Revelation 16:12 And the sixth angel
poured out his vial upon the great river Euphrates; and the water thereof
was dried up, that the way of the kings of the east might be prepared.)

The verse mentions Bashan, Carmel, and the flower of Lebanon. These
were all places in that day that were lush places on earth, but God was
saying that he could just as quickly make these places barren as well if
he chooses to. God can and will take areas of plentiful abundance and turn
them into dry deserts if a nation continues in their sin such as America.

(Nahum 1:5 The mountains quake at him, and the hills melt, and the
earth is burned at his presence, yea, the world, and all that dwell
therein.) This verse continues to show the power of God as even nature
obeys God and quakes at his presence. The mountains quake at him. We see
this when God came upon Mt. Sinai and the whole mountain quaked. The
mountain was full of smoke as well. (Exodus 19:18 And mount Sinai was
altogether on a smoke, because the LORD descended upon it in fire: and the
smoke thereof ascended as the smoke of a furnace, and the whole mount
quaked greatly.) The hills melt probably refers to volcanoes and the hot
molten lava that flows down them melting everything in its path, and much
of the earth burns every year due to wildfires. God can shake the whole
earth to get the attention of people. One day during the tribulation all
people will shake at his presence.  

(Nahum 1:6 Who can stand before his indignation? and who can abide in
the fierceness of his anger? his fury is poured out like fire, and the
rocks are thrown down by him.) God asks who can stand before his
indignation (anger). God is saying that no one can escape his wrath no
matter how great a nation or individual they are and this includes the
once great Assyrian empire and also the United States. The verse says God
throws rocks and mentions fire. God did this when he sent fire and
brimstone upon Sodom for her sin of sodomy (homosexuality). God will cast
down large hailstones weighing 75 pounds or more during the great
tribulation. (Revelation 16:21 And there fell upon men a great hail out of
heaven, every stone about the weight of a talent: and men blasphemed God
because of the plague of the hail; for the plague thereof was exceeding
great.) God also cast down great hailstones and fire against Egypt when
they refused to let the Israelites go. (Exodus 9:24 So there was hail, and
fire mingled with the hail, very grievous, such as there was none like it
in all the land of Egypt since it became a nation.) God reminds Nahum that
he is quite capable of destroying Nineveh just as he has with other
nations who were his enemy.

(Nahum 1:7 The LORD is good, a strong hold in the day of trouble; and
he knoweth them that trust in him.) This verse shows that the LORD is good
and he knows who truly trusts in him and those who pretend to be
Christians. God is not mocked or fooled by anyone who professes to be a
Christian, but in reality is really not. God is the one we need to rely on
when we get into trouble as he is a strong hold in the day we get into
trouble. Too often people either rely on themselves or someone else when
they should be relying on God. Hezekiah trusted the LORD to protect him
when Judah was surrounded by the Assyrians and God knew that Hezekiah was
sincere in trusting him so he therefore killed 185,000 Assyrians. (II
Kings 19:35 ¶ And it came to pass that night, that the angel of the LORD
went out, and smote in the camp of the Assyrians an hundred fourscore and
five thousand: and when they arose early in the morning, behold, they were
all dead corpses.) God wants Nahum to understand that he can once again
destroy the Assyrians.

(Nahum 1:8 But with an overrunning flood he will make an utter end of
the place thereof, and darkness shall pursue his enemies.) This verse was
fulfilled when God destroyed Nineveh. God allow a heavy rain for days
which overflowed the Tigris river alongside the city with a huge flood.
The flooded river destroyed parts of the rampart wall that protected the
city. This allowed the Babylonians to enter who destroyed parts of the
city before the Medes came in and utterly destroyed it as it is still
today. The city was left in ruins for a long time and was never a great
city again. What was once the world's largest city now lay in ruins. The
city was left in darkness as it was destroyed and the people were left in
utter darkness as they were cast into hell.

(Nahum 1:9 What do ye imagine against the LORD? he will make an utter
end: affliction shall not rise up the second time.) This verse says that
the once mighty Assyrian empire will never be again. She will never rise
again as she gets conquered by her subjects who rebelled against her,
mainly the Babylonians and Medes. God will never allow her to be a threat
again to Judah following the death of the 185,000 Assyrians mentioned
previously or the Israelites as they were dispersed among the many
nations.

(Nahum 1:10 For while they be folden together as thorns, and while
they are drunken as drunkards, they shall be devoured as stubble fully
dry.) This verse speaks of the pride of the Assyrians and the fact that
they had a mighty army folden together like thorns to prick their enemies
and the people remained drunk not worried about anyone, but God says they
will be devoured like dry stubble. Dry stubble (stalks of grain plants)
will burn very easily and with that same ease god will destroy Nineveh and
the Assyrians.

(Nahum 1:11 There is one come out of thee, that imagineth evil
against the LORD, a wicked counsellor.) This verse speaks of the king of
Assyria who had desired to destroy (do evil against) Judah just as Israel
was taken captive and dispersed among the nations. This most likely speaks
of Sennacherib who was king of Assyria.

(Nahum 1:12 Thus saith the LORD; Though they be quiet, and likewise
many, yet thus shall they be cut down, when he shall pass through. Though
I have afflicted thee, I will afflict thee no more.) This verse seems to
speak of the future when Assyria tried to conquer Judah just as she had
Israel and God kills the 185,000 Assyrians as previously mentioned. The
king himself would be killed by his own sons when he returned to Nineveh.
(II Kings 19:36-37 So Sennacherib king of Assyria departed, and went and
returned, and dwelt at Nineveh.
37 And it came to pass, as he was worshipping in the house of Nisroch his
god, that Adrammelech and Sharezer his sons smote him with the sword: and
they escaped into the land of Armenia. And Esar-haddon his son reigned in
his stead.)

(Nahum 1:13 For now will I break his yoke from off thee, and will
burst thy bonds in sunder.) This verse speaks of the 185,000 Assyrians
being killed by the angel of the LORD (Jesus) and the yoke upon Hezekiah
and the siege upon Jerusalem being broken. Assyria would never be able to
come after Judah again. The long time enemy had been stopped by God.

(Nahum 1:14 And the LORD hath given a commandment concerning thee,
that no more of thy name be sown: out of the house of thy gods will I cut
off the graven image and the molten image: I will make thy grave; for thou
art vile.) This verse speaks of the destruction not only of the king of
Assyria, Sennacherib, but also of Assyria itself. Sennacherib had bragged
before Hezekiah that no nation's gods could defeat Assyria and neither
could God, but God showed him by killing 185,000 of his men and then even
the king upon his return home. God also says he gives a commandment which
means it is guaranteed to happen that just as Assyria destroyed the false
gods of the nations they conquered, God will also destroy the false gods
and idols of Assyria. God says he "will make thy grave" which speaks of
the soon coming death of Sennacherib at the hands of his own sons while
the king was worshipping an idol. The death of Sennacherib may have
occurred about 100 years before the destruction of Nineveh.

(Nahum 1:15 Behold upon the mountains the feet of him that bringeth
good tidings, that publisheth peace! O Judah, keep thy solemn feasts,
perform thy vows: for the wicked shall no more pass through thee; he is
utterly cut off.) God tells Judah to rejoice that her enemy Assyria will
never pass through her again and that the king is destroyed. Following the
death of the 185,000 Assyrians, then most likely messengers were sent out
to proclaim the victory by God over the Assyrians. This is referenced by
the phrase "the feet of him that bringeth good tidings". Judah is warned
to keep the solemn feasts and to worship the LORD since her enemy has been
destroyed. God will always prevail and bring victory. This verse also may
apply to the future antichrist who will be destroyed as well. It has been
claimed by some theologians that Psalm 126 was written probably by
Hezekiah following the destruction of the Assyrian army after the deaths
of the 185,000. Some say this verse speaks of the future destruction of
Nineveh though I believe it speaks of the time when they came upon
Jerusalem. 

(Nahum 2:1 He that dasheth in pieces is come up before thy face: keep
the munition, watch the way, make thy loins strong, fortify thy power
mightily.) Nahum continues in chapter two with more on the destruction of
Nineveh. This verse seems to speak of the invading army of the
Babylonians, Medes, Scythians, and others that destroyed Nineveh dashing
it into pieces as well as the people.

(Nahum 2:2 For the LORD hath turned away the excellency of Jacob, as
the excellency of Israel: for the emptiers have emptied them out, and
marred their vine branches.) This verse seems to speak of the Assyrians
capturing the ten northern tribes of Israel and attempting to capture
Judah as well, but failing.

(Nahum 2:3 The shield of his mighty men is made red, the valiant men
are in scarlet: the chariots shall be with flaming torches in the day of
his preparation, and the fir trees shall be terribly shaken.) This verse
is speaking of the future coming of the invading army that destroys
Nineveh and the men are red from the blood of the Assyrians whom they will
kill. Many of the fir trees will be destroyed due to the fighting.

(Nahum 2:4 The chariots shall rage in the streets, they shall justle
one against another in the broad ways: they shall seem like torches, they
shall run like the lightnings.) The invading armies chariots will fight
over the space in the streets with all of them wanting to be the ones who
destroy the Assyrians. They will speed through the streets and be fast
like lighting in their attacks.

(Nahum 2:5 He shall recount his worthies: they shall stumble in their
walk; they shall make haste to the wall thereof, and the defence shall be
prepared.) This verse speaks of the Assyrians making haste to quickly get
to the wall that surrounds the city of Nineveh in order to defend the city
against the invading army, but to no avail.

(Nahum 2:6 The gates of the rivers shall be opened, and the palace
shall be dissolved.) This verse speaks of the flood that God brought to
the Tigris river as mentioned in Nahum 1:8 that destroyed the gates of the
city allowing the invading army to enter. The last part of the verse says
the palace shall be dissolved. This refers to the palace being burnt down
and destroyed. History says the king was burned to death in the castle.

(Nahum 2:7 And Huzzab shall be led away captive, she shall be brought
up, and her maids shall lead her as with the voice of doves, tabering upon
their breasts.) There is dispute over the meaning of Huzzab, but it seems
to refer to the Assyrian queen who was able to escape from the burning
palace only to be taken captive by the invading army. Tabering means
beating and her maids beat upon their breasts as they cried over the
events that have happened with Nineveh being destroyed including the
kings' palace and the king himself with the queen being taken captive.
Most likely she was not treated kindly.

(Nahum 2:8 But Nineveh is of old like a pool of water: yet they shall
flee away. Stand, stand, shall they cry; but none shall look back.)
Nineveh is compared to a pool of water and this most likely refers to the
mass amount of people who lived there. The sea in scripture is often
portrayed as the masses of the people and it seems Nineveh is here as
well. The people of the city are fleeing as fast as they can when they see
the invading army entering. The political and military leaders are
pleading for the people to stand and fight the invading army, yet the
people flee as fast as they can and do not even look back. The people
lacked any courage to fight for their city, but only cared about their own
lives. Most people today are the same way as they only care about
themselves. America has become full of people who are not willing to fight
for their freedom and this is why it is quickly being taken away. This
includes most Christians who will not make a stand for God and what his
word says.

(Nahum 2:9 Take ye the spoil of silver, take the spoil of gold: for
there is none end of the store and glory out of all the pleasant
furniture.) Nahum seems to be speaking about the invading army that God
commands to take a spoil of the city and to take all of the gold and
silver. History says that very little gold or silver was ever found in
Nineveh after its destruction, though some other valuables were found.
History also says that much of the cities gold was destroyed in the fire
in the palace including supposedly 150 golden beds. The city had great
wealth due to the evilness of the Assyrians who looted much from their
captives over the years. Now it was payback as God took back from them and
gave to their enemies.

(Nahum 2:10 She is empty, and void, and waste: and the heart melteth,
and the knees smite together, and much pain is in all loins, and the faces
of them all gather blackness.) The city of Nineveh has become empty, void,
and waste as her wealth is gone, her people are gone, and the city lies in
waste with much of it destroyed and burned. The faces of those left are
black due to their sadness at seeing the city destroyed as well as some
may have had actual soot on them from the burning city. Their heart melts
and their knees strike each other as they mourn over the loss of Nineveh.
This same thing will happen during the tribulation as the people mourn
over the destruction of Babylon that God destroys due to her wickedness
and harlotry. This most likely refers to Rome rather than a rebuilt
Babylon. People whether in Nineveh or Babylon just do not want to give up
their sinful ways and turn to God and mourn over their loss. Many in the
United States are the same. (Revelation 18:9 And the kings of the earth,
who have committed fornication and lived deliciously with her, shall
bewail her, and lament for her, when they shall see the smoke of her
burning,)

(Nahum 2:11 Where is the dwelling of the lions, and the feedingplace
of the young lions, where the lion, even the old lion, walked, and the
lion's whelp, and none made them afraid?) Nineveh was a world powerhouse
and many mighty kings had ruled from here with the whole world fearing
Nineveh and her wickedness just as the lion is the king of the jungle. The
Assyrians were not afraid of anyone as they got too cocky in thinking they
were invincible yet God asks where are they now. Some have said "the old
lion" refers to Asshur who was the builder of Nineveh and the founder of
the Assyrians. (Genesis 10:11 Out of that land went forth Asshur, and
builded Nineveh, and the city Rehoboth, and Calah,) Asshur built the city
shortly after the flood so it was an old city. He walked in the city, but
he is no more just like the city and the rest of the young lions (the
kings of Assyria who resided in Nineveh).  

(Nahum 2:12 The lion did tear in pieces enough for his whelps, and
strangled for his lionesses, and filled his holes with prey, and his dens
with ravin.) The lion was the symbol of Assyria and the third most
important god of the Assyrians was Nergal, a god with a lion head. This
verse seems to be referring to how Assyria conquered other nations and
plundered them filling her dens (Assyria) with the spoiled goods.

(Nahum 2:13 Behold, I am against thee, saith the LORD of hosts, and I
will burn her chariots in the smoke, and the sword shall devour thy young
lions: and I will cut off thy prey from the earth, and the voice of thy
messengers shall no more be heard.) This verse speaks of God destroying
the chariots of Assyria with fire as God says he is against Assyria due to
her wickedness. God says her young lions (young men and soldiers) will be
destroyed when the invading armies destroy Nineveh. God says Assyria will
never again be a great power that will prey on the nations of the earth
and the voice of the people will no more be heard as he will destroy the
nation in the future. Assyria did survive for a few more years after the
destruction of Nineveh before the nation no longer existed. Chapter two
has 13 verses and I believe it is no coincidence as the number 13 means
rebellion and this is what the Assyrians had done in their rebellion
against God with their idolatry and wickedness and God had had enough and
he destroyed both Nineveh and the nation. 

(Nahum 3:1 Woe to the bloody city! it is all full of lies and
robbery; the prey departeth not;) God describes Nineveh as a bloody city
and he says woe is coming to the city. The Assyrians were well known for
their bloodshed and savageness against their enemies including skinning
people alive. God warned against shedding innocent blood. The city was
full of lies and robbery as the Assyrians deceived people and stole from
their captives.

(Nahum 3:2 The noise of a whip, and the noise of the rattling of the
wheels, and of the pransing horses, and of the jumping chariots.) This
verse speaks of the noises of the coming invading army. The chariot wheels
will rattle as they speed towards the city. The noise of the running
horses as well as the whip against the horses to go faster will be heard
as there will be a great number of chariots in the invading army.  

(Nahum 3:3 The horseman lifteth up both the bright sword and the
glittering spear: and there is a multitude of slain, and a great number of
carcases; and there is none end of their corpses; they stumble upon their
corpses:) This verse just like verse 2 continues describing the invading
army how the invaders come with bright swords and spears. This verse
describes how the invading army had killed many people with the corpses
all over with no end and the great number of dead is causing the horses
and people to stumble as they try to get over all of the dead people. This
well describes the nation of Assyria as a whole that was full of dead
corpses that had rejected Jesus. The United States is quickly following
suite to become just like Assyria and we too will one day be destroyed by
God for our own wickedness.

(Nahum 3:4 Because of the multitude of the whoredoms of the
wellfavoured harlot, the mistress of witchcrafts, that selleth nations
through her whoredoms, and families through her witchcrafts.) This verse
speaks of the great whoredom of idolatry in Assyria and the witchcraft in
the nation and how she exported her idolatry and witchcraft around the
world when she forced the conquered nations to worship her false gods.

(Nahum 3:5 Behold, I am against thee, saith the LORD of hosts; and I
will discover thy skirts upon thy face, and I will shew the nations thy
nakedness, and the kingdoms thy shame.) God says he is against Assyria.
You never want God against you as this is a sure sign of your doom. You
cannot fight against God. God said her nakedness would be shown to the
whole world. The whole world would see and know of her destruction and how
her false gods could not help her. Her sins would be exposed for all to
see and there was nothing she could do to stop any of it. Nineveh would be
completely destroyed with everything exposed for the world to see.

(Nahum 3:6 And I will cast abominable filth upon thee, and make thee
vile, and will set thee as a gazingstock.) God would cover up the city
with filth and make it vile that no one will want a part of it. It will
become a gazingstock for all to see how this once mighty city was now
destroyed. People in that day would take a whore and strip her and cast
filth upon her and this is a description of the city used by God. The city
will be covered in filth just like the whore for all the world to see.

(Nahum 3:7 And it shall come to pass, that all they that look upon
thee shall flee from thee, and say, Nineveh is laid waste: who will bemoan
her? whence shall I seek comforters for thee?) Nineveh will be so greatly
destroyed that all will flee from her as it has become a waste and barren
city. What was once the largest city in the world was now barren and laid
waste. The question is asked who will bemoan her and be comforters for
her. The question is self-answered as there will be no one who will mourn
over her loss as she was so wicked. People will rejoice upon hearing of
her destruction especially since no one ever thought they would see this
day come.

(Nahum 3:8 Art thou better than populous No, that was situate among
the rivers, that had the waters round about it, whose rampart was the sea,
and her wall was from the sea?) Nahum through God asks the question if
Nineveh is better than No. I said earlier in the study that No is believed
to have been the large city of Thebes in Egypt that was destroyed. It
thought it was secure with its wall upon the sea with water all around it
yet No was still destroyed by Assyria and God says that Nineveh will be as
well as it was no better and in fact Nineveh was even more wicked. No was
a populous city just like Nineveh, but that did not protect it and neither
will it protect Nineveh.

(Nahum 3:9 Ethiopia and Egypt were her strength, and it was infinite;
Put and Lubim were thy helpers.) No had Ethiopia and Egypt for her
strength and the neighbors of Put and Lubim to help, but that did not stop
Assyria from destroying it. Lubim is probably were modern day Libya is.

(Nahum 3:10 Yet was she carried away, she went into captivity: her
young children also were dashed in pieces at the top of all the streets:
and they cast lots for her honourable men, and all her great men were
bound in chains.) No despite her greatness and protection was still taken
captive with the young children being dashed into pieces. The great men
were bound with chains and the city destroyed. Nineveh will fare no
better. We see in this verse the wickedness of Assyria in chopping the
children into pieces.

(Nahum 3:11 Thou also shalt be drunken: thou shalt be hid, thou also
shalt seek strength because of the enemy.) The phrase "thou also shalt be
drunken" probably refers to the fact that Nineveh will also just as No be
drunk with the wrath of God, but many of the people were also probably
drunk. The city would be hid Nahum warned. The sands of the desert would
cover the city up and the city would only be found by archeologists in the
1800's. The last phrase in seeking strength may refer to the fact that
many people tried to flee the city with some possibly going to get
reinforcements, but many were killed in their attempts.

(Nahum 3:12 All thy strong holds shall be like fig trees with the
firstripe figs: if they be shaken, they shall even fall into the mouth of
the eater.) Nahum warns that those who try to leave the city to make a
stronghold or fortification elsewhere for a counterattack will be
defeated. Just as the first ripe figs are quickly eaten on a fig tree, so
will any new strongholds the Assyrians attempt to make by the invaders.
Nineveh cannot escape her destruction as it has been ordained by God. They
will fall into the hands of the invaders (mouth of the eater).

(Nahum 3:13 Behold, thy people in the midst of thee are women: the
gates of thy land shall be set wide open unto thine enemies: the fire
shall devour thy bars.) The gates of the land will be wide open as we saw
with the flood from God that destroys the gates. The bars were set on fire
by the invading Babylonians. With most of the men being destroyed in the
palace and elsewhere, basically there was only woman left who were no
match against the invaders. This also seems to refer to the men that were
left that were acting like women and running in fear. They never expected
that anyone could defeat them.

(Nahum 3:14 Draw thee waters for the siege, fortify thy strong holds:
go into clay, and tread the morter, make strong the brickkiln.) Nahum said
they will draw water for the siege around the city and will attempt to
fortify the strong holds with bricks and morter, but none of it will
matter or stop the coming destruction.

(Nahum 3:15 There shall the fire devour thee; the sword shall cut
thee off, it shall eat thee up like the cankerworm: make thyself many as
the cankerworm, make thyself many as the locusts.) Despite the best
efforts of the people, Nineveh will still be destroyed as the people are
devoured by fire and the sword. The sword will eat them up like the
cankerworm. The cankerworm destroys everything in its path, trees, plants,
and fruit. Just as there are many cankerworms and locusts, Assyria had a
great army, yet it would not save her. Locusts act as attacking armies in
destroying much in their path and the invaders would be many as well.

(Nahum 3:16 Thou hast multiplied thy merchants above the stars of
heaven: the cankerworm spoileth, and flieth away.) Nineveh had merchants
in number as the stars of heaven which man cannot number. This shows the
wealth and power of this once great city, yet none of this would be able
to save Nineveh as they would all fly away just like the cankerworm after
her spoils are complete. The merchants would take their goods and run.   

(Nahum 3:17 Thy crowned are as the locusts, and thy captains as the
great grasshoppers, which camp in the hedges in the cold day, but when the
sun ariseth they flee away, and their place is not known where they are.)
The great leaders of Assyria had once been great and crowned kings but now
were just like the locusts and the grasshoppers who camp around the hedges
in the cold day, but flee when the sun comes up as they cannot take the
heat, and no one knows where they are. The once great leaders will be the
same as no one will know where they are as they are destroyed and others
have fled. The locusts have no king and neither will Assyria anymore.
(Proverbs 30:27 The locusts have no king, yet go they forth all of them by
bands;)

(Nahum 3:18 Thy shepherds slumber, O king of Assyria: thy nobles
shall dwell in the dust: thy people is scattered upon the mountains, and
no man gathereth them.) This verse seems to be speaking of the deaths of
the military generals and other leaders who sleep (are dead) as well as
the king and nobles who dwell in the dust (are dead). With the leaders
gone, the people scatter upon the mountains and they remain scattered as
they have no one to gather them together and lead them as all of the
leadership is dead. This will be the end of the empire as it no longer has
any leaders or any unity.

(Nahum 3:19 There is no healing of thy bruise; thy wound is grievous:
all that hear the bruit of thee shall clap the hands over thee: for upon
whom hath not thy wickedness passed continually?) Nahum gives one last
warning that Assyria has crossed the path of no return as there is no
healing of any of her bruises and her wound is grievous and fatal. Assyria
and Nineveh can do nothing to stop their coming destruction. God had
warned Nineveh through Jonah to repent or be destroyed. Nineveh listened
for a while but went right back to her wickedness and God will always do
as he says and he destroyed Nineveh just as he said he would do. No matter
how mighty Assyria once was, she was no match for God and the same applies
to the United States. Assyria's wickedness had affected much of the world
and all that hear of her destruction will clap their hands and rejoice.
There will not be any mourning over the death of Assyria.   

Search for: _____________________  [ Search ]

Recent Comments

Archives

Categories

• No categories

Meta

• Log in
• Entries feed
• Comments feed
• WordPress.org

Created my free logo at LogoMakr.com

Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Copyright (c) 2024 Jesus is God and Lord Ministries | Credits
Powered by Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

