Link: profile
Link: dns-prefetch
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Feed (alternate)
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Comments Feed (alternate)
Link: preconnect
Link: preconnect
Link: https://api.w.org/
Link: alternate
Link: RSD (EditURI)
Link: canonical
Link: shortlink
Link: alternate
Link: alternate
Skip to content
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Ye Must Be Born Again

Main Menu

• HOME
• STORE
• ABOUT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD MINISTRIES
• BELIEFS
• CONTACT
• KING JAMES BIBLE TO READ AND LISTEN TO
• KING JAMES BIBLE WORDS AND PHRASES DEFINED
• WHY WE MUST BE BORN AGAIN
• WHAT MUST I DO TO BE SAVED (BE BORN AGAIN), HAVE ETERNAL LIFE AND GO
TO HEAVEN?
• NOW THAT I AM A BORN AGAIN CHRISTIAN, HOW DO I GROW (MATURE)?
• PROOF THAT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD
• SERMONS AND SCRIPTURE LESSONSMenu Toggle

• 3:16 Verses
• Abraham the obedient father and type of God the Father
• According to the word of the LORD
• Alleged Contradictions in Scripture
• Angels and spiritual beings
• Animals Teaching Man  
• Be like Jesus
• Be Thankful
• Bread in Scripture
• Christian Martyrs for Jesus
• Colors in Scripture
• Curse Israel and you will be cursed
• Dangers of Calvinism
• Deadliest battles in scripture
• Deserts in scripture and in our lives
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism
• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freedom and Liberty come from God
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise
• From the resurrection to the ascension
• Genealogies of Jesus
• Gifts of the Holy Ghost
• God is Light
• God is Love
• God the Holy Ghost
• Halloween and the connection to Satan
• Honour Thy Mother
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus is the door that all must enter for everlasting life
• Jesus is the Light of the World and Christians Should Reflect
that Light
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jesus versus Mohammad
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Jonah
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Jude
• Malachi   
• Martyrs in the Lord's Army
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Nahum
• Nehemiah 3 and the ten gates of the Jerusalem wall
• Obadiah
• Our Nation Was Founded Upon God
• Philemon
• Prayer
• Pre-incarnate Appearances of Jesus (Theophanies)
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Proof that Jesus is God
• Prophecies Fulfilled by Jesus at his First Coming
• Prophecies of the Second Coming of Jesus
• Psalm 23
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines
• Santa is Satan and his little elves are devils
• Serve in the Lord's Army
• Seven Vial Judgments of Revelation
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  
• Star of Bethlehem
• Thankful people in scripture  
• The Battle of Gog and Magog
• The Books of God
• The Crucifixion of Jesus
• The Egyptian gods and goddesses of the ten plagues and their
judgment and defeat by the God of gods
• The Exodus   
• The Good Samaritan
• The Gospel in Stone
• The Gospel in the Stars
• The Greatest Father Anyone Can Have And Everyone Needs
• The Handwriting of God
• The Illegal Trial of Jesus
• The King James Bible Built-in Dictionary
• The Miracles at the Crucifixion of Jesus
• The New Year's resolutions that need to be kept
• The Number Seven in Scripture
• The Number Three in Scripture  
• The Riotous Son
• The True Creationism of the Scriptures versus False Theories
• The Unscriptural Flat Earth Theory
• The Unscriptural Lucifer Flood  
• The Widow Woman and the Oil  
• The Word Became Flesh
• Types of the Holy Ghost in scripture
• Was Jesus born on Christmas?
• Was Jesus Crucified on Friday?
• Water in Scripture
• Weather in scripture
• Who are the sons of God of Genesis 6?
• Work is from God
• Worshipping God in psalms, hymns, and spiritual songs
• Zephaniah

• VIDEOS
• HYMNS
• FOR PRECIOUS JEWISH SOULSMenu Toggle

• Meet the Jewish Messiah
• False Religion of Judaism
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  

• FOR PRECIOUS ROMAN CATHOLIC SOULSMenu Toggle

• False Doctrines of Roman Catholicism
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• CULTSMenu Toggle

• Roman CatholicismMenu Toggle

• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism

• FALSE RELIGIONSMenu Toggle

• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise

• RECOMMENDED BOOKS FOR READING
• LINKS
• CHECKOUT
• New items are available in the store for purchase.

0

Zephaniah

Zephaniah is the 36^th book in the old testament. Zephaniah is
considered one of the minor prophets. They are minor in the sense that
their writings are much shorter and often times much less was revealed
than the major prophets of Isaiah, Jeremiah, Ezekiel, and Daniel. There
were twelve minor prophets. They are Hosea, Joel, Amos, Obadiah, Jonah,
Micah, Nahum, Habakkuk, Zephaniah, Haggai, Zechariah, and Malachi. The
book of Zephaniah only consists of three chapters. Zephaniah prophesied in
the early years of the Judean king Josiah's reign in Jerusalem. The Jews
at this time were living very ungodly lives that very much displeased the
LORD. Josiah began to purge much of the idolatry that was found in Judah.
He may have been influenced by the prophecies preached by Zephaniah
against Judah as well as by the other prophets. Josiah was one of the few
good kings of Judah and was a righteous godly king who did that which was
right in the sight of the LORD. Josiah was the last godly king of Judah.
He became king at eight years old after his dad Amon who did that which
was evil in the sight of God was murdered. (II Kings 22:1-2 Josiah was
eight years old when he began to reign, and he reigned thirty and one
years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Jedidah, the daughter of
Adaiah of Boscath.
2 And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, and walked in
all the way of David his father, and turned not aside to the right hand or
to the left.) (II Kings 23:25 And like unto him was there no king before
him, that turned to the LORD with all his heart, and with all his soul,
and with all his might, according to all the law of Moses; neither after
him arose there any like him.) Despite the efforts of Josiah, the Jews
continued in their sins and the prophecies of God preached by Zephaniah
came true. God will always get rid of sin and wickedness. We as Christians
can look forward to the day that God will remove all sin and have a new
heavens and earth.

Zephaniah is the only prophet who mentions four generations of his
ancestors. The name Zephaniah means "treasured (some say protected or
hidden) of Jehovah". Other sources say the name means "Jehovah hides or
protects". Zephaniah lived in Jerusalem and had access to the courts. The
prophets Nahum, Habakkuk, and Jeremiah were his contemporaries. Zephaniah
is a prophet of judgment as his prophecies focus on the coming destruction
of Judah due to her idolatry and other sins. Zephaniah four times speaks
of the coming "day of the LORD" when God will bring his wrath. It is also
mentioned using other phrases. The day of the LORD speaks of the
tribulation. Zephaniah looks past this to the day of Jesus' millennial
reign. 

(Zephaniah 1:1 The word of the LORD which came unto Zephaniah the son
of Cushi, the son of Gedaliah, the son of Amariah, the son of Hizkiah, in
the days of Josiah the son of Amon, king of Judah.) We see in this verse
that Zephaniah was a prophet which the word of the LORD came to in the
days of Josiah, the king of Judah. Zephaniah is the only prophet to
mention four names in his genealogical ancestry. No other prophet mentions
more than their dad. Some theologians say that the Hizkiah mentioned here
in the genealogy of Zephaniah is the same as king Hezekiah. They say that
this is why he lists four ancestors and stops with Hezekiah a godly king
and to show that he is of royal blood and therefore a relative of king
Josiah. It is possible that this is correct with Amariah being an unlisted
son of Hezekiah and Zephaniah comes from that line. This would be similar
to how Mary the mother of Jesus was a descendant of king David by his son
Nathan whereas Joseph was a descendant of David by his son Solomon. We
know that often times there were other sons that are not listed. Other
theologians say that there is not enough time for four generations to
occur for this to happen and that Zephaniah's dad's name of Cushi is of
Ethiopian origin from Cush and that Zephaniah was trying to show he was an
Israelite by listing four generations and he was not of Ethiopian descent.
I do not believe the Ethiopian connection is the case here. Ethiopians did
come from Cush a son of Ham, but just because Zephaniah's name was Cushi
does not mean he was an Ethiopian as there were other Cushi's in scripture
and no mention of them is given of them trying to justify their Israelite
origins. Cushi was a runner for king David and another Cushi was around in
the time of Jeremiah. These same people say the name Hezekiah was a common
name at that time and so these are not the same Hezekiah's. That is
possible. As far as there not being enough time for four generations we do
know that Manasseh who succeeded Hezekiah was 12 when he became king and
ruled for 55 years. (II Kings 21:1 Manasseh was twelve years old when he
began to reign, and reigned fifty and five years in Jerusalem. And his
mother's name was Hephzi-bah.) His son Amon who was the dad of Josiah
ruled for 2 years and Josiah was eight when he began to reign. (II Kings
21:19 ¶ Amon was twenty and two years old when he began to reign, and he
reigned two years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Meshullemeth,
the daughter of Haruz of Jotbah.) We saw in II Kings 22:1 the age of
Josiah at the start of his reign. Amon was sixteen years old when he gave
birth to Josiah and the 2 years of his reign plus the 55 years of his dad
Manasseh is 57 years. We know that Amon was 16 when he gave birth to
Josiah by seeing he was 24 years old at his death (became king at 22 and
ruled 2 years for 24 years total) and Josiah was 8 when he became king (24
- 8 equals 16). If the men in Zephaniah's genealogy had children around 16
years old like Amon this would allow enough time for four generations.
Hezekiah could have had the second son of Amariah a year or two after
Manasseh so you would add ten years to the 57 years we already saw for a
total of 67 years. Sixty seven years is enough time to give birth to
Zephaniah if all men were young when they had their son. Regardless of
whether Zephaniah was of royal blood or not is not clear in scripture, but
it is possible. This would be a plausible reason for Zephaniah to list
four generations, otherwise why would he list so many when no other
prophet listed more than one? For whatever reason he does. If Zephaniah
was of royal blood, this would also possibly have helped in convincing
Josiah to have listened.

(Zephaniah 1:2-3 I will utterly consume all things from off the land,
saith the LORD.
3 I will consume man and beast; I will consume the fowls of the heaven,
and the fishes of the sea, and the stumblingblocks with the wicked; and I
will cut off man from off the land, saith the LORD.) Zephaniah immediately
starts off by warning the people that God will consume (destroy) all
things from off the land. This includes the animals, plants, and trees. In
verse 3 Zephaniah continues by saying that God will not only consume the
things on land, but also the fowls of the heaven, the fishes of the sea,
the wicked, and even man from the land. God seems to be warning that
because of the sin of Judah who is supposed to be the lighthouse of the
world for God, that God will destroy all of the animals, fowl, and man
from the land, sea, and heaven on the whole nation of Judah though some
say this means the whole earth. I believe it is most likely just referring
to Judah as the phrase "from off the land" is used elsewhere where it
refers just to the land of Israel. Judah's sin affects the whole world
since she was supposed to be the one to bring light to the world by
telling the people about Jesus, but instead became more wicked than the
rest of the nations. Sin always affects more than ourselves.

(Zephaniah 1:4 I will also stretch out mine hand upon Judah, and upon
all the inhabitants of Jerusalem; and I will cut off the remnant of Baal
from this place, and the name of the Chemarims with the priests;) This
verse seems to show that verses 2-3 show that God is willing to destroy
man and beast again from earth in the land of Judah and maybe as some say
the whole earth because of Judah's sin. Verse 4 here seems to show that
God includes Judah in this prediction of destruction. Just because they
are God's chosen people they are not exempt from the consequences of sin.
The people of Judah had become extremely sinful and wicked under both
Manasseh and his son Amon. God had finally had enough of the nation and he
would destroy it in the future just as he had with Israel. The warning
includes even Jerusalem which is God's capital. God had warned the people
through his servant Moses just before they entered the promised land after
wondering in the wilderness for 40 years that if they turned to other gods
he would destroy them from the land and remove them and this is what God
intended to do as he must keep his word. (Deuteronomy 4:25-27 ¶ When thou
shalt beget children, and children's children, and ye shall have remained
long in the land, and shall corrupt yourselves, and make a graven
image, or the likeness of any thing, and shall do evil in the sight of the
LORD thy God, to provoke him to anger:
26 I call heaven and earth to witness against you this day, that ye shall
soon utterly perish from off the land whereunto ye go over Jordan to
possess it; ye shall not prolong your days upon it, but shall utterly be
destroyed.
27 And the LORD shall scatter you among the nations, and ye shall be left
few in number among the heathen, whither the LORD shall lead you.)
Zephaniah warns that God will cut off (destroy) the remnant of Baal from
Judah. This would be fulfilled after the destruction by Babylon. Following
the Babylonian captivity, the Jews never worshipped Baal again. They did
not necessary worship Jesus, but they never directly worshipped idols
again. Zephaniah includes in the warning that besides the removal of Baal,
God would also remove the Chemarims who were the priests of Baal who had
become integrated with the priests of Jehovah. These false priests may
have even pretended to be priests of God, but in reality they offered
sacrifices to Baal and other false gods.

(Zephaniah 1:5-7 And them that worship the host of heaven upon the
housetops; and them that worship and that swear by the LORD, and that
swear by Malcham;
6 And them that are turned back from the LORD; and those that have not
sought the LORD, nor enquired for him.
7 Hold thy peace at the presence of the Lord GOD: for the day of the
LORD is at hand: for the LORD hath prepared a sacrifice, he hath bid his
guests.) Zephaniah continues to warn of the destruction of others in
verses 5-6 besides the priests of Baal that we saw in verse 4. Verse 5
speaks of the worship of the host of heaven. The host of heaven is the
worshipping of devils and Satan's angels. The people had become so sinful
that they boldly worshipped these false gods on their rooftops and did not
even try and hide their sin, but rather proclaimed it from the rooftops.
Most of the houses in those days had a flat roof that you could sit on in
better weather. Remember how David was on the rooftop when he saw
Bathsheba or Peter who was on the rooftop praying when he had the vision
of the curtain coming down from heaven with unclean food on it and God
told him to eat. The next part of verse 5 seems to refer to people who
"worship and that swear by the LORD" as people who seem to be true
believers and followers of God, but in reality are false Christians and
who worshipped the false gods. These people tried to hide their false
worship and appear as true believers. This is similar to the wolves in
sheep's clothing who enter the churches. This seems to be confirmed as the
verse continues by mentioning those who swear by Malcham who was the chief
god of the Ammonites and continues with more unbelievers in verse 6. Many
people today attend church as a means to deceive people, but God is not
deceived. It could not be referring to true believers in verse 5 for those
who swear by the LORD as God would not include them with other unsaved
people. Verse 6 starts off with "them that are turned back from the LORD"
which may refer to backslidden people or it may refer to people who seemed
to follow God and then turned from him similar to the many people who had
followed Jesus and then when he talked of eating his flesh and drinking
his blood they left him as they were never true believers. (John 6:66 ¶
From that time many of his disciples went back, and walked no more with
him.) Verse 6 continues with those who never even sought the LORD or even
asked (enquired) about him. These people did not even have a desire to be
saved. They wanted their false gods. Verses 5 and six list various groups
of people that in God's eyes are all the same and all will face the wrath
of God equally.

In verse 7 we see that the day of the LORD is at hand. It was
probably only about 50-60 years into the future that the Babylonians would
conquer and capture Judah. The phrase "the LORD hath prepared a sacrifice"
refers to the fact that he has placed the people of Judah into the hands
of the invading Babylonians as a sacrifice. The phrase "he hath bid his
guests" probably refers to God allowing his guests the Babylonians to come
to Judah and deal with his people with his permission. This verse is
similar to at the end of the battle of Armageddon during the tribulation
how God prepares a sacrifice with all of the dead people and invites his
guests the fowls of the air to feast on the bodies. (Revelation 19:17-18
And I saw an angel standing in the sun; and he cried with a loud voice,
saying to all the fowls that fly in the midst of heaven, Come and gather
yourselves together unto the supper of the great God;
18 That ye may eat the flesh of kings, and the flesh of captains, and the
flesh of mighty men, and the flesh of horses, and of them that sit on
them, and the flesh of all men, both free and bond, both small and great.)
(Revelation 19:21 And the remnant were slain with the sword of him that
sat upon the horse, which sword proceeded out of his mouth: and all the
fowls were filled with their flesh.) The guests in verse 7 may also
include the animals of the land who will devour the flesh of the dead
people killed by the Babylonians similar to what will happen in
Revelation.

(Zephaniah 1:8 And it shall come to pass in the day of the LORD'S
sacrifice, that I will punish the princes, and the king's children, and
all such as are clothed with strange apparel.) Verse 8 shows that the
princes and the king's children were not exempt from the coming
punishment. This can be seen how Zedekiah's children were killed before
him and then he had his eyes plucked out. (II Kings 25:7 And they slew the
sons of Zedekiah before his eyes, and put out the eyes of Zedekiah, and
bound him with fetters of brass, and carried him to Babylon.) We also see
how royalty was not exempt in Daniel and his three friends and other
royalty and noble seed who were taken to Babylon and made eunuchs. (Daniel
1:3-4 ¶ And the king spake unto Ashpenaz the master of his eunuchs, that
he should bring certain of the children of Israel, and of the king's seed,
and of the princes;
4 Children in whom was no blemish, but well favoured, and skilful in all
wisdom, and cunning in knowledge, and understanding science, and such
as had ability in them to stand in the king's palace, and whom they might
teach the learning and the tongue of the Chaldeans.) The verse also says
God will punish those "clothed with strange apparel" which most likely
refers to the fact that the people of Judah had become so sinful that
besides adopting the gods of foreign or strange people, many had also
adopted the clothing (apparel) and customs of those people. These were
strange clothes as God had set the people of Judah and Israel apart from
all other nations as a peculiar people who were to follow him, dress a
certain way and look a certain way and follow the customs of God and not
those of the heathen nations. We as Christians are also to be set apart in
our clothing and customs from the rest of the sinful world. (Titus 2:14
Who gave himself for us, that he might redeem us from all iniquity, and
purify unto himself a peculiar people, zealous of good works.) (I Peter
2:9 But ye are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, an holy nation, a
peculiar people; that ye should shew forth the praises of him who hath
called you out of darkness into his marvellous light:)

(Zephaniah 1:9 In the same day also will I punish all those that leap
on the threshold, which fill their masters' houses with violence and
deceit.) This verse may refer to the fact that many of the nobles of that
day hired thieves to break into people's homes and bring the good back to
them (their masters). The threshold refers to the door or the opening such
as a gate in other verses. It also may refer to how in I Samuel 5 after
the Philistines had captured the ark of the covenant, they had placed it
before their fish god Dagon. In the morning they found that Dagon had
fallen before the ark of the covenant with his head and hands cut off and
they had fallen on the threshold or opening of the door entrance. The
priests would no longer step on the threshold anymore, but walk over out.
This verse may be referring to how the many members of the royal family
had leaped on the threshold of the temple as they ran inside with their
false gods. They had no respect for God and the entrance to the temple as
the Philistine priests did for their god.

(Zephaniah 1:10 And it shall come to pass in that day, saith the
LORD, that there shall be the noise of a cry from the fish gate, and an
howling from the second, and a great crashing from the hills.) Verse 10
seems to be describing the coming of the Babylonian army as the people
begin to cry and holler at the fish gate. The fish gate was the gate that
was used by fishermen to bring in their fish to sell to the merchantmen.
The fish gate was on the north side of the city. The people were probably
crying as their livelihood was gone and their wealth. The people realized
the prophecy of their destruction had come true and they had nowhere to
hide. Not only was there a cry from the fish gate, but also a howling from
the second and a great crashing from the hills, The second most likely
refers to the second quarter of the city which had been added by Manasseh.
(II Chronicles 33:14 Now after this he built a wall without the city of
David, on the west side of Gihon, in the valley, even to the entering in
at the fish gate, and compassed about Ophel, and raised it up a very great
height, and put captains of war in all the fenced cities of Judah.) The
great crashing from the hills may refer either to the Babylonian army
coming in or it may refer to the many people trying to escape to the hills
and from the Babylonian army.

(Zephaniah 1:11 Howl, ye inhabitants of Maktesh, for all the merchant
people are cut down; all they that bear silver are cut off.) Maktesh was
most likely the part of the city where the merchants lived. This seems to
have been near the fish gate in the second quarter. Many of these
merchants probably sold fish. With the Babylonians coming through the fish
gate and capturing or killing many of them, their silver (money) was gone
as the bringing in of fish and other products was stopped. The phrase "cut
down" probably refers to many of the merchants being killed and the phrase
"they that bear silver are cut off" refers to the stopping of all trade
and hence no money is brought in.

(Zephaniah 1:12 And it shall come to pass at that time, that I will
search Jerusalem with candles, and punish the men that are settled on
their lees: that say in their heart, The LORD will not do good, neither
will he do evil.)  This verse shows that no one will be able to hide from
the coming punishment by God. He will use the Babylonians to do his work
and they will search throughout Jerusalem with candles to find all of
those who try to hide from their coming wrath. The phrase "settled on
their lees" refers to when wine used to be left undisturbed for a long
time. This is how the people had become. They had become settled in their
sinful life without disturbance, yet God says they will be disturbed and
punished. These people had said that the LORD would not do anything to
them whether good or evil. They had been so long living in their sins
without punishment that they had come to believe that God would not really
interfere in their lives and the prophecy of Zephaniah be fulfilled. Many
people today are the same way as they completely ignore God and have lost
all fear for him. The people did recognize there was a LORD, they just did
not care.

(Zephaniah 1:13 Therefore their goods shall become a booty, and their
houses a desolation: they shall also build houses, but not inhabit them;
and they shall plant vineyards, but not drink the wine thereof.) The
Babylonians would take all of the people's belongings as booty and their
houses would sit empty (desolate). Many of the people would not believe in
the coming prophecy of Zephaniah and so they would build houses that they
would never get to live in as they would be taken captive to Babylon or
killed. Many of these same people would plant vineyards, but would never
get to drink wine from it as they would not be there. Many of these houses
and vineyards would be destroyed by the coming Babylonian army.

(Zephaniah 1:14 The great day of the LORD is near, it is near, and
hasteth greatly, even the voice of the day of the LORD: the mighty man
shall cry there bitterly.) Zephaniah kept warning that the great day of
the LORD was near, but the people refused to listen. We see the same thing
happening today as the tribulation and the wrath of God are near, but
people just will not listen to the warnings of God's coming wrath. This
verse seems to have the dual meaning of the destruction that came from the
Babylonians as well as that coming during the great tribulation. The
mighty man will cry as he will not only be crying for the destruction of
Jerusalem, but also will realize that no matter how mighty a man he
thought he was, God is much mightier and he will not spare even the mighty
man. The people during the great tribulation will also cry over the
destruction of Babylon which will most likely be Rome with Babylon being
symbolic of the Babylonian religion of Roman Catholicism that is
headquartered there. (Revelation 18:19 And they cast dust on their heads,
and cried, weeping and wailing, saying, Alas, alas, that great city,
wherein were made rich all that had ships in the sea by reason of her
costliness! for in one hour is she made desolate.)

(Zephaniah 1:15 That day is a day of wrath, a day of trouble and
distress, a day of wasteness and desolation, a day of darkness and
gloominess, a day of clouds and thick darkness,) The day of the LORD will
be a day of wrath. On this day the LORD will bring his wrath on Jerusalem
and the people of Judah. This also applies to the future tribulation as
God will once again bring his wrath on the people of this world. This day
will also be a day of trouble and distress as the people will see that God
does fulfill his promises and prophecies to the letter. It will be a day
of wasteness and desolation as the land is destroyed along with people and
the remaining people's hearts are desolate and empty of the LORD. It will
be a day of darkness and gloominess as there is no light of Jesus shining
in the hearts of the people, only the darkness of Satan. This is
emphasized a second time with the phrase "day of clouds and thick
darkness". Clouds and thick darkness is often a sign just before a severe
thunderstorm, one that often times includes hail and tornadoes. Joel who
prophesied at an earlier time before Zephaniah, probably about 100 years
earlier, seems to confirm these verses through the end of the chapter, not
only apply to the days of the Babylonian Empire, but also to the coming
tribulation. Joel used some of the same words such as darkness and
gloominess, clouds and thick darkness to describe the day of the LORD.
(Joel 2:2 A day of darkness and of gloominess, a day of clouds and of
thick darkness, as the morning spread upon the mountains: a great people
and a strong; there hath not been ever the like, neither shall be any more
after it, even to the years of many generations.)

(Zephaniah 1:16 A day of the trumpet and alarm against the fenced
cities, and against the high towers.) The trumpet of battle will be
sounded against even the fenced cities and the high towers that were used
for lookouts. These places thought they were secure, but even they will
not escape the wrath of God on the day of the LORD.

(Zephaniah 1:17 And I will bring distress upon men, that they shall
walk like blind men, because they have sinned against the LORD: and their
blood shall be poured out as dust, and their flesh as the dung.) The
people will become so distressed from seeing the Babylonian army as well
as the destruction that they will walk around like blind men. They will be
so distressed that they will not be able to think and will be walking
around in a daze as if they were blind. They will also walk as spiritually
blind men as they will still refuse to turn to God even when they see the
prophecy of Zephaniah being fulfilled. The same thing will happen during
the tribulation as the people continue in rebellion against God and walk
around blindly to their coming destruction. This verse also refers to the
fact that for those who are not walking with God and especially for the
unsaved, they have been blinded by Satan and this is what happened to the
people at the time of the Babylonian invasion as well as will also happen
during the tribulation. (II Corinthians 4:4 In whom the god of this world
hath blinded the minds of them which believe not, lest the light of the
glorious gospel of Christ, who is the image of God, should shine unto
them.) We see the people become like blind men because they have sinned
against the LORD. Zephaniah warns that their blood shall be poured out
like dust meaning there will be so much blood it will be similar to how
dust is so common. This will also happen during the battle of Armageddon
as the blood will be as high as the horse's bridle for a distance of about
200 miles (1,600 furlongs) from all of those who will be killed.
(Revelation 14:20 And the winepress was trodden without the city, and
blood came out of the winepress, even unto the horse bridles, by the space
of a thousand and six hundred furlongs.) Zephaniah also warned the flesh
of the people would be as dung. Not only was dung fairly common from the
horses that were around, but the reference shows the people's flesh would
just pile up on the ground and be worthless as dung. It would also stink
the way dung does.

(Zephaniah 1:18 Neither their silver nor their gold shall be able to
deliver them in the day of the LORD'S wrath; but the whole land shall be
devoured by the fire of his jealousy: for he shall make even a speedy
riddance of all them that dwell in the land.) Verse 18 shows that no
amount of money will be able to deliver them from the LORD's wrath on that
day. The same applies today and during the tribulation as the super-rich
will suffer from God's judgment just as much as the poorest unsaved
person. No amount of money will save a person as they cannot buy their way
out of receiving the wrath. No bribes will be accepted. Silver and gold
will mean nothing when you are suffering the wrath of God. Security only
comes when one places their trust in Jesus. God will devour the whole land
as no part of it will be immune from his coming wrath. No part of Judah
will escape his wrath. The same will apply during the tribulation as the
judgments from God will apply to all on the earth no matter where they
are. Not even Antarctica will be safe. God said he would make a speedy
riddance of them and he will do the same in the tribulation. (Revelation
19:21 And the remnant were slain with the sword of him that sat upon the
horse, which sword proceeded out of his mouth: and all the fowls were
filled with their flesh.) God will bring his wrath fast that there will
not be anyone to escape it even if you had more time. God will be swift to
punish sin at this time with no more delays. God will give people time to
repent, but when the time is up, judgment and wrath are swift. This
applies in all cases of God's wrath.

(Zephaniah 2:1-3 Gather yourselves together, yea, gather together, O
nation not desired;
2 Before the decree bring forth, before the day pass as the chaff, before
the fierce anger of the LORD come upon you, before the day of the
LORD'S anger come upon you.
3 Seek ye the LORD, all ye meek of the earth, which have wrought his
judgment; seek righteousness, seek meekness: it may be ye shall be hid in
the day of the LORD'S anger.)  Zephaniah calls for the nation of Judah to
repent and gather themselves to God. Zephaniah says the people need to do
this before "the day of the LORD'S anger come upon" them. Verse 2 says God
will have fierce anger. God will not tolerate sin. Zephaniah warned the
people not to delay their repentance. Unfortunately the people did not
repent and listen to Zephaniah. Many people believe they have all the time
in the world to get right with God. They will always do it tomorrow or
when they have time. People and a nation cannot repent unless they turn in
sincerity and want to get right with God. People are never guaranteed they
have a tomorrow so everyone needs to get right with God now. Do not put it
off. Our nation today is in the same place that Judah was as our leaders
have turned their backs on God as has most of the people. People do not
even think they need to get right with God and the same was with the
people of Judah in Zephaniah's day. Repentance cannot come if no one wants
it. The word "before" is used four times in verse 2 as a way once again to
plead that Judah repent before it is too late. In verse 3 Zephaniah tells
the people to seek the LORD as they have brought on the judgment of God.
Nations and people do not want to bring on the judgment of God. There is
no escape from it. Zephaniah warns the people to seek righteousness and to
be meek or to humble themselves before God. Zephaniah said that God might
hide those who seek him when his wrath comes upon Judah.

(Zephaniah 2:4 ¶ For Gaza shall be forsaken, and Ashkelon a
desolation: they shall drive out Ashdod at the noon day, and Ekron shall
be rooted up.) Starting with this verse until the end of the chapter we
see Zephaniah by God switch from announcing the coming destruction of
Judah to announcing the coming judgments on the Gentile nations which are
enemies of Israel and Judah. God wants Judah to know that just as he will
judge them, he will also judge their Gentile neighbors. The people can see
as these prophecies are fulfilled against the Gentiles, that God will also
fulfill his word against Judah. Zephaniah wants the people of Judah see
that God will not tolerate sin of any kind whether from Judah or the
Gentile nations. He also wants the people to see that God will judge
Judah's enemies and will one day restore Israel to her glory. This will be
fulfilled during the millennium. Verse 4 deals with the judgment on the
Philistines, a nation to the west. The verse names four main cities which
each had a god and how they will be forsaken, left desolate, and rooted up
or destroyed.

(Zephaniah 2:5 Woe unto the inhabitants of the sea coast, the nation
of the Cherethites! the word of the LORD is against you; O Canaan, the
land of the Philistines, I will even destroy thee, that there shall be no
inhabitant.) Zephaniah continues his warning against the Cherethites as
the LORD is against them. He then says God will destroy Canaan where the
Philistines were and no inhabitant would be left as God would destroy
(kill) them. This area today may be the same where the Palestinians live.
God will destroy these people one day as well.

(Zephaniah 2:6 And the sea coast shall be dwellings and cottages for
shepherds, and folds for flocks.) Today this sea coast is the disputed
Gaza Strip of the Palestinians. Today there is much warfare and hatred,
but one day God will remove Israel's enemy from the Promised Land and this
area will become a place for shepherds to care for their sheep (flocks)
and cottages and homes will be built here in safety.

(Zephaniah 2:7 And the coast shall be for the remnant of the house of
Judah; they shall feed thereupon: in the houses of Ashkelon shall they lie
down in the evening: for the LORD their God shall visit them, and turn
away their captivity.) In verse 7 we see that the coast will one day be
dwelt by those of the house of Judah in the land of Ashkelon of the
Philistines. This has been partially fulfilled. At the end of the verse
God says he will visit his people in their captivity and will free them or
turn away their captivity. When the Jews were allowed to return to the
land by the Persian king Cyrus after the end of their 70 year Babylonian
captivity some did dwell in the houses of the Philistines in Ashkelon as
God had fulfilled his prophecy against them and removed them. The houses
were left abandoned and the Jews moved in. Today some Jews live near the
coast, but they do not fully control it as the Palestinians are there. The
prophecy will be fully fulfilled in the Millennium. Today no Philistine
people exist and there has been no Philistine nation for a long time.

(Zephaniah 2:8 ¶ I have heard the reproach of Moab, and the revilings
of the children of Ammon, whereby they have reproached my people, and
magnified themselves against their border.) The next prophecy was the
prediction of the doom against Moab and Ammon, two nations on the east of
Judah. The Moabites and the Ammonites were the incest children from Lot's
daughters who got their dad drunk and raped him after the destruction of
Sodom and Gomorrah. These nations were related to Israel yet they were
longtime enemies. The king of Moab had hired Balaam to curse Israel, but
God had turned the curse against Moab instead. This verse says God had
heard of the reproach and sins of these nations against Israel and Judah.
God had had enough of these nations and just like the nation of Philistia,
they too would be destroyed. Both of these nations thought they were
better than Judah and had magnified their borders. This phrase refers to
invasions of Israel by these nations. This was offensive to God as God had
assigned Israel her borders and these nations thought they could take land
from Israel. These borders can be found in Numbers 34 and in other places.
Israel is the only nation that has her borders given to her by God. She
also cannot take land that belongs to another nation. This is seen when
the Israelites were told that some land belonged to Moab and in another
place to the children of Esau so they could not possess it. The same will
happen to those who think they can take land from Israel today.

(Zephaniah 2:9 Therefore as I live, saith the LORD of hosts, the God
of Israel, Surely Moab shall be as Sodom, and the children of Ammon as
Gomorrah, even the breeding of nettles, and saltpits, and a perpetual
desolation: the residue of my people shall spoil them, and the remnant of
my people shall possess them.) In this verse we see that God predicts his
coming destruction of these two nations. He compared their destruction to
Sodom and Gomorrah, the cities he destroyed with fire and brimstone
(sulfur). The land will become saltpits and a breeding place of nettles
and the land desolate. Nettles are plants with jagged leaves and stinging
hairs on them. Zephaniah says that God says that a remnant of his people
would possess these lands. Some of the people of Judah after they left
Babylon would later settle in these lands. During the Millennium, the
Israelites will control and possess all of the territory of what was Moab
and Ammon and many Jews will live there.

(Zephaniah 2:10 This shall they have for their pride, because they
have reproached and magnified themselves against the people of the LORD of
hosts.) Zephaniah says that the punishments in verse 9 by God are due to
the fact that these nations have reproached and magnified themselves
against God's chosen people. This refers to their invasions of Israel and
stealing land from them. It was their pride that initiated these
invasions.

(Zephaniah 2:11 The LORD will be terrible unto them: for he will
famish all the gods of the earth; and men shall worship him, every one
from his place, even all the isles of the heathen.) This verse shows that
God will be terrible unto them as he will destroy them. Their gods and all
of the false gods on earth will be famished of their worshippers as God
will destroy the people. This will be completely fulfilled during the
tribulation. At this time men from all over the world, even from the
islands of the heathens, will one day worship God. This will be fulfilled
in Israel at the end of the great tribulation and for the rest of the
world during the Millennium. Both of the nations of Moab and Ammon no
longer exist today as God fulfilled his promise to destroy them.

(Zephaniah 2:12 ¶ Ye Ethiopians also, ye shall be slain by my sword.)
God's next judgment is against Ethiopia which was south of Judah. God
never said he would completely destroy the Ethiopians which is why they
still exist today as a nation.

(Zephaniah 2:13 And he will stretch out his hand against the north,
and destroy Assyria; and will make Nineveh a desolation, and dry like a
wilderness.) The next nation on God's list is the Assyrians who were north
of Judah. It was the Assyrian Empire that captured the ten northern tribes
of Israel and dispersed them throughout the empire. This prophecy would be
fulfilled soon as the Babylonian Empire would conquer Assyria before
conquering Judah. The Babylonians would destroy the capital city of
Nineveh which at one time was the largest city in the world and it would
never be rebuilt. Some people did live there for some time, but eventually
it was abandoned just as god said and left as a desolate city. That area
is a desert place now and dry like a wilderness just as God said.

(Zephaniah 2:14 And flocks shall lie down in the midst of her, all
the beasts of the nations: both the cormorant and the bittern shall lodge
in the upper lintels of it; their voice shall sing in the windows;
desolation shall be in the thresholds: for he shall uncover the cedar
work.) When the Babylonian empire conquered Assyria, they destroyed the
nation and especially the capital of Nineveh. God predicted animals would
now live where people once did. To show how complete the destruction would
be can be seen by the phrase "desolation shall be in the thresholds".
Remember I said that thresholds refers to the door entrance and basically
the part you stand on. The Babylonians would destroy everything down to
even the thresholds of the doors. The destruction was so great that even
the cedar work was uncovered meaning nothing was left untouched in the
buildings. The destruction went right down to the framework.  

(Zephaniah 2:15 This is the rejoicing city that dwelt carelessly,
that said in her heart, I am, and there is none beside me: how is she
become a desolation, a place for beasts to lie down in! every one that
passeth by her shall hiss, and wag his hand.) Nineveh as I said was once a
great city, the capital of Assyria and at one time the world's largest
city. This was a city feared by many nations as the Assyrians were evil.
Nineveh was the city that Jonah was sent to to preach repentance to the
people. They did repent so God preserved them for a while, but eventually
the new generation went back to their sinful ways and so God destroyed the
city just as he warned he would. The people were able to postpone the
destruction due to true repentance, but ultimately God will fulfill his
word. The same is true of America today as we can postpone the coming
destruction of our nation if our nation would repent, but sooner than
later God will judge America as he has these nations. We are not exempt
from God's wrath any more than Judah was. We see in this verse how Nineveh
said there was none like here and her pride thought she was better than
God. God made her a home for beasts just as was done to many other nations
and cities in scripture. No nation can escape God's wrath if they disobey
or become too arrogant as Assyria had become. Today the Assyrian empire is
long gone as is the nation of Assyria. Note that the nation of Assyria was
a separate nation from the nation of Syria which still exists today. What
happened to Assyria and all these nations should be a warning to all
nations today who try to defy God. These prophecies to these nations were
to have been a warning to Judah to repent and avoid her own destruction.

(Zephaniah 3:1 Woe to her that is filthy and polluted, to the
oppressing city!) God through Zephaniah now turns his attention and
warnings back to Judah and in this verse specifically to Jerusalem, a city
that had become polluted by idolatry, prostitution, sodomy, and many other
sins. Jerusalem as the city of God was supposed to shine brightly to the
rest of the world, but had become filthy and polluted as she became worse
than some of the Gentile cities.

(Zephaniah 3:2 She obeyed not the voice; she received not correction;
she trusted not in the LORD; she drew not near to her God.) Jerusalem
refused to obey the voice of God through his prophets. Ninevah did for a
while from Jonah and was spared for a time, whereas Jerusalem ignored
God's warnings and in fact killed many of the prophets. She did not ever
try and truly correct herself. There was at times some false outward
appearance of change, but then she became so wicked she did not even try
to appear holy. Jerusalem had long stop trusting in the LORD, but rather
trusted in false gods. She did not draw near to God as she served false
gods. She had lost all love for the true God.

(Zephaniah 3:3 Her princes within her are roaring lions; her judges
are evening wolves; they gnaw not the bones till the morrow.) This verse
shows that the princes and the rest of the royalty are roaring lions. Just
as a roaring lion devours his prey, so have the princes the people. Their
sinfulness has caused the people to become wicked. God compares the judges
of Jerusalem as evening wolves. Wolves are dogs and in scripture dogs
never have anything good said about them. Wolves dress as sheep to deceive
people and that is what these judges have done as their wickedness shows
forth in the morning as they gnaw on the bones of people, having already
devoured their flesh and led them to a life of sin and away from God. The
wolves do their sin at night as they fear the lions. Night is when most
sin occurs.

(Zephaniah 3:4 Her prophets are light and treacherous persons: her
priests have polluted the sanctuary, they have done violence to the law.)
The phrase "her prophets are light" refers to false prophets not from God.
These men have no fear of God or real desire to see change and repentance
of the people. These false prophets are traitors as they pretend to be
from God, but lead the people to destruction. The priests have polluted
the sanctuary as they performed sacrifices to the false gods. The priests
and the people have continued to disobey God's law as they made a mockery
of it. The priests have changed the meanings of the law to cover the sins
of themselves and the people and no one observes the law.

(Zephaniah 3:5 The just LORD is in the midst thereof; he will not do
iniquity: every morning doth he bring his judgment to light, he faileth
not; but the unjust knoweth no shame.) Verse 5 shows that the LORD
(Jehovah) is there among the people and he will do no iniquity (sin).
Every morning God brings his judgment to light. God will not hide his
judgement. The unjust have no shame and do not even try to hide their sins
anymore. This can be seen here in America today. This verse shows God as
the Judge and how he is righteous compared to the sinful judges in verse
3.

(Zephaniah 3:6 I have cut off the nations: their towers are desolate;
I made their streets waste, that none passeth by: their cities are
destroyed, so that there is no man, that there is none inhabitant.) In
this verse we see God says he has cut off the nations that have been
enemies of Israel. God many times destroyed the nations who were enemies
of Israel and Israel and Judah both knew this, yet Judah thought she could
do whatever sins she wanted and God would not destroy her. No nation
including Judah is above sin. The people of Judah doubted God and were not
even thankful for what God had done for them the many times they were
attacked. God shows in the rest of the verse how he had made the towers of
these nations desolate, the streets were waste and empty, the cities were
destroyed, and they were empty and uninhabited.

(Zephaniah 3:7 I said, Surely thou wilt fear me, thou wilt receive
instruction; so their dwelling should not be cut off, howsoever I punished
them: but they rose early, and corrupted all their doings.) In this verse
we see how God did not want to destroy these nations as he was hoping they
would fear him. Instead of fearing God they got deeper in sin. These
nations were warned by God, but they ignored them even when God punished
them to give them a wake up call they continued in their sin (corrupted
all their doings) so God had to destroy them. This includes Israel who
ignored all his prophets and was disbursed among the nations. Judah was
soon to get her turn for her disobedience and America will also soon get
her turn. We too have ignored all of the warnings such as 9/11.

(Zephaniah 3:8 ¶ Therefore wait ye upon me, saith the LORD, until the
day that I rise up to the prey: for my determination is to gather the
nations, that I may assemble the kingdoms, to pour upon them mine
indignation, even all my fierce anger: for all the earth shall be devoured
with the fire of my jealousy.) In verse 8, God turns back to Judah and
Jerusalem. He tells the people to wait on him for the day will come when
God will rise against the nations as he assembles the kingdoms and they
will be devoured in his fierce anger. This is a promise to Judah that
though they will be sent into captivity, there will come a day when God
will restore them and the people will turn back to him and all of Israel
and Judah's enemies will for once and for all be destroyed. This verse
seems to be pointing to the battle of Armageddon at the end of the great
tribulation. At the end of this battle God will destroy all of Israel's
enemies with the fire of his jealousy for Israel. Israel themselves will
finally turn to Jesus as their Messiah at the end and will finally be
right with God. (Zechariah 13:9 And I will bring the third part through
the fire, and will refine them as silver is refined, and will try them as
gold is tried: they shall call on my name, and I will hear them: I will
say, It is my people: and they shall say, The LORD is my God.)

(Zephaniah 3:9 For then will I turn to the people a pure language,
that they may all call upon the name of the LORD, to serve him with one
consent.) Verses 9-17 seem to be speaking of the Millennium. It seems that
at this time all nations will once again speak one language which will be
a pure language. Everyone spoke one language until the dispersion at the
tower of Babel when God formed the nations and the languages. Here he
basically reverses that curse. I believe the pure language refers to
everyone speaking Hebrew which I believe was the original language spoken
by everyone until the tower of Babel. People will once again speak a pure
language. This verse also shows how all people may call on the name of the
LORD to serve him as one. When the Millennium starts only believers will
initially be there. God will already have separated the nations as sheep
and goats or in other wards saved and unsaved nations.

(Zephaniah 3:10 From beyond the rivers of Ethiopia my suppliants,
even the daughter of my dispersed, shall bring mine offering.) In this
verse we see not only will any Jews living in other nations return to
Israel, but the Gentiles will help them return. I believe it also means
that the nations from all over will come to Jerusalem with a burnt
offering as foretold in Micah. (Micah 4:2 And many nations shall come, and
say, Come, and let us go up to the mountain of the LORD, and to the house
of the God of Jacob; and he will teach us of his ways, and we will walk in
his paths: for the law shall go forth of Zion, and the word of the LORD
from Jerusalem.) The nations will also be required to come on the feast of
tabernacles. (Zechariah 14:16 ¶ And it shall come to pass, that every one
that is left of all the nations which came against Jerusalem shall even go
up from year to year to worship the King, the LORD of hosts, and to keep
the feast of tabernacles.) This verse again refers to the Millennium.  

(Zephaniah 3:11 In that day shalt thou not be ashamed for all thy
doings, wherein thou hast transgressed against me: for then I will take
away out of the midst of thee them that rejoice in thy pride, and thou
shalt no more be haughty because of my holy mountain.) At the start of the
Millennium, Israel will be the chief nation. All of Israel will be saved
so they will all be ashamed of the sins of Israel's past. No more will
there be prideful and haughty living in Israel and any that come later,
God will remove because of his holy mountain which refers to Jerusalem.
All Israelites will become humble as Jesus himself will rule the world and
reign from Jerusalem. David will be king of Israel.

(Zephaniah 3:12 I will also leave in the midst of thee an afflicted
and poor people, and they shall trust in the name of the LORD.) This seems
to refer to those Jews who went through the great tribulation and were
afflicted. They now place their trust in the LORD. There will also be many
Jews who were saved prior to the tribulation who will also be there. The
tribulation Jews have much to be thankful for as they saw the worst of any
Jews.

(Zephaniah 3:13 The remnant of Israel shall not do iniquity, nor
speak lies; neither shall a deceitful tongue be found in their mouth: for
they shall feed and lie down, and none shall make them afraid.) Those that
are left in Israel that go into the millennium will not continue in sin
and lies as was done before by the false prophets and the nation as a
whole in her rejection of Jesus. This also includes the modern rabbis who
lied to the people and deceived them about Jesus. The Jews will not be
afraid any more of any nations or people as they now trust in Jesus as
their Messiah and he is physically present with them in Israel and rules
with a rod of iron. (Revelation 12:5 And she brought forth a man child,
who was to rule all nations with a rod of iron: and her child was caught
up unto God, and to his throne.) (Revelation 19:15 And out of his mouth
goeth a sharp sword, that with it he should smite the nations: and he
shall rule them with a rod of iron: and he treadeth the winepress of the
fierceness and wrath of Almighty God.)

(Zephaniah 3:14 ¶ Sing, O daughter of Zion; shout, O Israel; be glad
and rejoice with all the heart, O daughter of Jerusalem.) Israel can now
rejoice as she has finally had her eyes opened and she has received Jesus
as her Messiah. Israel could have had all of this many years earlier if
she had not rejected Jesus. A person should be glad and sing and rejoice
when they know what they have in Jesus and how lost they were without him.

(Zephaniah 3:15 The LORD hath taken away thy judgments, he hath cast
out thine enemy: the king of Israel, even the LORD, is in the midst of
thee: thou shalt not see evil any more.) Verse 15 once again shows how
Jesus (the LORD) has taken all judgment away from Israel. The great
tribulation was the final judgment against Israel. At the end of the
tribulation, God cast out and destroyed all of Israel's enemies. All of
those who enter the millennium are believers and friends of Israel. God
will continue this protection throughout the millennium. We see in this
verse that the LORD is in the midst of them. This refers to Jesus ruling
and reigning the world from Jerusalem. No longer will Israel see evil. She
will not have enemies, or false prophets or wicked kings.

(Zephaniah 3:16 In that day it shall be said to Jerusalem, Fear thou
not: and to Zion, Let not thine hands be slack.) Along with the whole
nation, a special word is told that Jerusalem will also not need to fear.
Jerusalem has been destroyed, attacked, captured, and recaptured many
times. This will happen no more. The Jews have lived in fear for most of
their history, but now that fear ends. The people are told to not "let
thine hands be slack". The Israelites are to make up for all of the many
wasted years that they did not follow God. During the millennium, Israel
will be the nation he originally intended with all of the people as
priests who will witness throughout the world for Jesus. During the
tribulation you had 144,000 Jews as witnesses for Jesus, but now the whole
nation will be. Jerusalem will be able to truly witness that Jerusalem is
the city of God.

(Zephaniah 3:17 The LORD thy God in the midst of thee is mighty; he
will save, he will rejoice over thee with joy; he will rest in his love,
he will joy over thee with singing.) Once again we see the LORD (Jesus)
who is their God is in the midst (among) them. Jesus will save all of the
Jews initially at the start of the millennium as well as save many others
during the millennium from other nations. Jesus will rejoice over the
Israelites as his chosen people. This will include singing. The people
will be able to rest in the love of Jesus. This verse contrasts with verse
5 where Jesus was Judge in Jerusalem and now in a redeemed Jerusalem he is
love, rest, and joy and rejoices over his people as he sees no sin, only
them washed in the blood of Jesus. Note that all who enter the millennium
from the great tribulation will still be in their physical bodies like we
have now. Those from heaven are in their glorified bodies.

(Zephaniah 3:18 I will gather them that are sorrowful for the solemn
assembly, who are of thee, to whom the reproach of it was a burden.)
Verses 18-20 speak of the restoration of Israel from their Babylonian
captivity. Verses 9-20 show that God is not done with Israel even though
many people teach this false teaching. In verse 18, God says he will
gather those who are sorrowful and miss the solemn assembly. This most
likely refers to those who miss gathering for the feasts as well as for
worship of God in what we would call revivals. The feasts and other
similar gatherings are referred to as solemn assemblies in other places in
scripture. Not getting to go to the temple and worship God and obey
celebrating his feasts had become a reproach (disappointment) or burden to
those Jews who had been convicted during the captivity and had repented
and turned to God. Often times we do not realize what we miss out on
worship of God until it is taken away. Many Christians are lax in serving
God and do not go to church. It is only when they lose these privileges
and repent do they realize what they missed.

(Zephaniah 3:19 Behold, at that time I will undo all that afflict
thee: and I will save her that halteth, and gather her that was driven
out; and I will get them praise and fame in every land where they have
been put to shame.) At the end of the 70 years of captivity by Babylon,
God will undo all that afflicts them. He will allow them to return to
Jerusalem and Judah. God will gather those who were driven out of Judah
and bring them back. Part of this verse is still being fulfilled today as
God has gathered Jews from all over the world and from all tribes both
from Judah and Israel and they are returning to Israel. God says he will
get the Jews praise and fame in all places they had been put to shame. God
not only would take care of their enemies but will bring praise to the
Jews. Many Jews in history and even today have been in charge of many
important businesses, have won many Nobel prizes and have received much
fame. They have received much more than the size of their population.
During the millennium Israel will rightly be restored as the leading
nation of the world as God originally intended for them and all nations
will look to them and Israel will be without shame, but rather glorious in
their eyes.

(Zephaniah 3:20 At that time will I bring you again, even in the time
that I gather you: for I will make you a name and a praise among all
people of the earth, when I turn back your captivity before your eyes,
saith the LORD.) God once again repeats what he said in verse 19 that he
will eventually end the captivity of Judah and return them to their land.
God said their name once again will be praised by all people of the earth
as they will know that they serve a living God who fully controls them and
all nations. Today the name of Israel is known by all and is constantly in
the news. Israel is a very tiny nation, yet it is known for its great
exports to Europe and its survival. Once again it people have done much
great good compared to their population. These verses also speak of Israel
being restored in the millennium.

Search for: _____________________  [ Search ]

Recent Comments

Archives

Categories

• No categories

Meta

• Log in
• Entries feed
• Comments feed
• WordPress.org

Created my free logo at LogoMakr.com

Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Copyright (c) 2024 Jesus is God and Lord Ministries | Credits
Powered by Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

