Link: profile
Link: dns-prefetch
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Feed (alternate)
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Comments Feed (alternate)
Link: preconnect
Link: preconnect
Link: https://api.w.org/
Link: alternate
Link: RSD (EditURI)
Link: canonical
Link: shortlink
Link: alternate
Link: alternate
Skip to content
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Ye Must Be Born Again

Main Menu

• HOME
• STORE
• ABOUT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD MINISTRIES
• BELIEFS
• CONTACT
• KING JAMES BIBLE TO READ AND LISTEN TO
• KING JAMES BIBLE WORDS AND PHRASES DEFINED
• WHY WE MUST BE BORN AGAIN
• WHAT MUST I DO TO BE SAVED (BE BORN AGAIN), HAVE ETERNAL LIFE AND GO
TO HEAVEN?
• NOW THAT I AM A BORN AGAIN CHRISTIAN, HOW DO I GROW (MATURE)?
• PROOF THAT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD
• SERMONS AND SCRIPTURE LESSONSMenu Toggle

• 3:16 Verses
• Abraham the obedient father and type of God the Father
• According to the word of the LORD
• Alleged Contradictions in Scripture
• Angels and spiritual beings
• Animals Teaching Man  
• Be like Jesus
• Be Thankful
• Bread in Scripture
• Christian Martyrs for Jesus
• Colors in Scripture
• Curse Israel and you will be cursed
• Dangers of Calvinism
• Deadliest battles in scripture
• Deserts in scripture and in our lives
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism
• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freedom and Liberty come from God
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise
• From the resurrection to the ascension
• Genealogies of Jesus
• Gifts of the Holy Ghost
• God is Light
• God is Love
• God the Holy Ghost
• Halloween and the connection to Satan
• Honour Thy Mother
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus is the door that all must enter for everlasting life
• Jesus is the Light of the World and Christians Should Reflect
that Light
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jesus versus Mohammad
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Jonah
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Jude
• Malachi   
• Martyrs in the Lord's Army
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Nahum
• Nehemiah 3 and the ten gates of the Jerusalem wall
• Obadiah
• Our Nation Was Founded Upon God
• Philemon
• Prayer
• Pre-incarnate Appearances of Jesus (Theophanies)
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Proof that Jesus is God
• Prophecies Fulfilled by Jesus at his First Coming
• Prophecies of the Second Coming of Jesus
• Psalm 23
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines
• Santa is Satan and his little elves are devils
• Serve in the Lord's Army
• Seven Vial Judgments of Revelation
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  
• Star of Bethlehem
• Thankful people in scripture  
• The Battle of Gog and Magog
• The Books of God
• The Crucifixion of Jesus
• The Egyptian gods and goddesses of the ten plagues and their
judgment and defeat by the God of gods
• The Exodus   
• The Good Samaritan
• The Gospel in Stone
• The Gospel in the Stars
• The Greatest Father Anyone Can Have And Everyone Needs
• The Handwriting of God
• The Illegal Trial of Jesus
• The King James Bible Built-in Dictionary
• The Miracles at the Crucifixion of Jesus
• The New Year's resolutions that need to be kept
• The Number Seven in Scripture
• The Number Three in Scripture  
• The Riotous Son
• The True Creationism of the Scriptures versus False Theories
• The Unscriptural Flat Earth Theory
• The Unscriptural Lucifer Flood  
• The Widow Woman and the Oil  
• The Word Became Flesh
• Types of the Holy Ghost in scripture
• Was Jesus born on Christmas?
• Was Jesus Crucified on Friday?
• Water in Scripture
• Weather in scripture
• Who are the sons of God of Genesis 6?
• Work is from God
• Worshipping God in psalms, hymns, and spiritual songs
• Zephaniah

• VIDEOS
• HYMNS
• FOR PRECIOUS JEWISH SOULSMenu Toggle

• Meet the Jewish Messiah
• False Religion of Judaism
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  

• FOR PRECIOUS ROMAN CATHOLIC SOULSMenu Toggle

• False Doctrines of Roman Catholicism
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• CULTSMenu Toggle

• Roman CatholicismMenu Toggle

• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism

• FALSE RELIGIONSMenu Toggle

• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise

• RECOMMENDED BOOKS FOR READING
• LINKS
• CHECKOUT
• New items are available in the store for purchase.

0

Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

This is a shorter version of False Doctrines of Roman Catholicism with a
few differences.

Roman Catholicism is the world's largest cult and is false
Christianity. I will show just some of the false doctrines of Roman
Catholicism and some of the other dangers of Roman Catholicism. Roman
Catholicism refers to doctrines as dogmas. Roman Catholicism as all cults
do adds and subtracts from the word of God. She adds the apocryphal books
and chapters to her bibles which she refers to as deuterocanonical books
which means second canon. Some of her false doctrines such as purgatory
and praying to the dead come from these added false books which is why she
wants them to be able to support her false doctrines. These books are
Tobit, Judith, I and II Maccabees, Wisdom, Ecclessiasticus (Sirach in some
Roman Catholic bibles), and Baruch. She also adds six chapters to Esther
and two chapters and 67 verses in chapter 3 to Daniel. Words are also
added in Psalm 145:13, some superscriptions are added to some psalms, and
words in other places. She adds tradition to scripture saying it is equal,
but in reality it overrides scripture if it contradicts it. Much of this
can be found in the Catechism of the Catholic Church. This book defines
the "Church's" beliefs and is from the Vatican. Roman Catholicism also has
other books such as prayer books such as the Roman Missal, a Catholic
dictionary and encyclopedia to help explain all of her false doctrines.
She also has a Code of Canon that has all of the laws that Roman Catholics
are to follow. She produces her own bibles that have been changed to help
support her false doctrines along with footnotes that support her false
doctrines. Roman Catholicism subtracts from God's word by removing many
verses in scripture as well as many phrases and words including the names
of Jesus, most cases of hell, repentance, JEHOVAH, and many others. She
also changes many words to her words to support her doctrines such as use
of penance and dogma. She also uses many New Age Terms in her bibles, not
something a true Christian church would do since the New Age Movement is
satanic. God warned against doing either of these things. (Revelation
22:18-19 For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the
prophecy of this book, If any man shall add unto these things, God shall
add unto him the plagues that are written in this book:19And if any man
shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall
take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and
from the things which are written in this book.) Her bibles are based off
of the false Alexandrian manuscripts. The Roman Catholic Church (RCC) is
her own nation in the Vatican City. Like all cults, Roman Catholicism
claims to be the only true church and the only way to heaven. A church
including even a Baptist church will not save you, only Jesus can. Roman
Catholicism has a violent history that shows she is not true Christianity
such as the crusades which were to kill Muslims, Jews, and true Christians
and to gain Jerusalem for herself when it belongs to Israel, the
inquisitions with the severe torture and death of true Christians such as
burning at the stake and pulling bodies apart on the torture rack, pushing
of socialism, her hatred of Jews, and helping Adolf Hitler with the
Holocaust of the Jews. There are many more examples. She has not only
threatened non Roman Catholics, but has kept her people in bondage and
fear over the years with threats of excommunication and eternity in hell
for disobeying the pope. This is another sign of a cult as all cults
control their people by fear. No true Christian church does these things.
The Roman Catholic Church has also tried to destroy God's preserved words
as found in the King James Bible such as the gunpowder plot in England
while the King James Bible was being translated. This is also why she
produced the false and corrupt Alexandrian manuscripts and has pushed for
so many false bibles. She has also pushed for ecumenism among the world's
religions as she pushes for the one world religion of the antichrist with
either the white or black pope as the head of it. The black pope is the
leader of the Jesuits who were started to do the pope's dirty work. They
have been responsible for killing many true Christians, starting wars,
infiltrating seminaries, trying to destroy the King James Bible, and many
other things. They were even banned in some nations and even hated and
feared by some Roman Catholics. Pope Francis is a Jesuit. The RCC pushes
the New World Order and the pope said during the COVID-19 pandemic that
the world needed a world leader, something again that God is against. God
is against this and all of these things so if she is true Christianity
then why does she push for it? Many false religions in parts of the world
have merged with Roman Catholicism and the "Church" has not condemned this
such as priests being Buddhists and Roman Catholics or voodooism which is
a combination of Roman Catholicism and African tribal religions. Satan
would never merge his religion with a true church. Many of these things
will be discussed at a later time. There used to be a day when every
Baptist preacher would preach the things I am about to preach. How sad
this world has become that Baptist preachers have become cowards and or
have fallen under the spell of the Roman Catholic Church.

There are 1.3 billion Roman Catholics worldwide. There are a few of
these who are truly saved, but are only saved because they heard the
gospel from outside the "Church". They will never be more than milk
Christians unless they leave the "Church". The gospel is hid to those who
are lost. {II Corinthians 4:3 But if our gospel be hid, it is hid to them
that are lost:) God warned about the Roman Catholic Church and the need to
get out of her. (Revelation 18:4 And I heard another voice from heaven,
saying, Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins,
and that ye receive not of her plagues.) There are many who will be upset
with what I am revealing, but God said that we would become enemies for
telling the truth. (Galatians 4:16 Am I therefore become your enemy,
because I tell you the truth?) The false doctrines will come from official
"Church" books such as the already mentioned Catechism of the Catholic
Church, Code of Canon, and her bibles. Some quotes will come from popes
and their encyclicals which are teachings from the popes to Roman
Catholics. Not every Roman Catholic believes all of Roman Catholicism's
false doctrines any more than all Baptists believe what a Baptist is
supposed to, but obedient Roman Catholics do. Whether an individual Roman
Catholic believes these false doctrines or not does not matter. This is
what the pope and all of the "Church" leaders believe. The RCC is
condemned by her own words.

Before we look at some of the false doctrines, you need to understand
that the Catechism of the Catholic Church [CCC] is the final authority of
the "Church", not scripture. This is again another sign of a cult by
placing the "Church" above God. [This living transmission, accomplished in
the Holy Spirit, is called Tradition, since it is distinct from Sacred
Scripture, though closely connected to it. Through Tradition, "the Church,
in her doctrine, life, and worship perpetuates and transmits to every
generation all that she herself is, all that she believes." "The sayings
of the holy Fathers are a witness to the life-giving presence of this
Tradition, showing how its riches are poured out in the practice and life
of the Church, in her belief and her prayer."] (Page 25, 78) [As a result
the Church, to whom the transmission and interpretation of Revelation is
entrusted, "does not derive her certainty about all revealed truths from
the holy Scriptures alone. Both Scripture and Tradition must be accepted
and honored with equal sentiments of devotion and reverence."] (Page 26,
82) ["It is clear therefore that, in the supremely wise arrangement of
God, sacred Tradition, Sacred Scripture, and the Magisterium of the Church
are so connected and associated that one of them cannot stand without the
others. Working together, each in its own way, under the action of the one
Holy Spirit, they all contribute effectively to the salvation of souls."]
(Page 29, 95) ["Sacred Tradition and Sacred Scripture make up a single
sacred deposit of the Word of God", in which, as in a mirror, the pilgrim
Church contemplates God, the source of all her riches.] (Page 29, 97)
Roman Catholic children go to Catechism classes to learn the catechism,
but they never have classes to study scripture. This shows what is really
important to the "Church". Many Roman Catholics have said in their books
or otherwise publically that the Catechism of the Catholic Church contains
the truth about Roman Catholicism. They are right. Many of the false
doctrines have many more passages in the CCC than are mentioned and also
usually many more verses in scripture than are mentioned to show the
falseness of the doctrine. Only a few of each are given. Many of the
passages in the CCC have been shortened for the sake of time to only show
the relevant part as many overlap with other false doctrines.

The first false doctrines we will look at deal with Mary. I start
here because the "Church" worships Mary, not Jesus despite what she says.
Her actions and doctrines say otherwise. The "Church" even has Mariology
which is the study of Mary and the doctrines related to her. The "Church"
in reality has Mariolatry. Many Roman Catholics have an idol (statue) of
Mary at their house. They pray to Mary instead of Jesus, as they are
taught that Mary is more approachable than Jesus as Jesus is believed to
be frightful. Many Roman Catholics from the pope to the Roman Catholic
laity have bowed down to idols of Mary. Pictures of this can be found all
over the internet. This is much more prevalent in Roman Catholic nations
than here in the United States of America as the "Church" does not have
the power she has in other nations. Marian apparitions are seen all over
the world by Roman Catholics. These are nothing more than devils
masquerading as Biblical Mary. Many of these Marian apparitions push the
Roman Catholic Church's false doctrines to make it appear as if these
apparitions are from God. Roman Catholics hope to see one of these Marian
apparitions when they need to be looking for Jesus. Mary always has
priority to a Roman Catholic and the Jesus of Roman Catholicism is another
Jesus, not the Jesus of scripture. God condemns all of the practices of
Roman Catholics to Mary including the many false titles given her and her
elevation as God.

1. The dogma of Immaculate Conception is the belief that Mary was born
without sin and remained sinless her whole life. [The Christian tradition
sees in this passage an announcement of the "New Adam" who, because he
"became obedient unto death, even death on a cross," makes amends
superabundantly for the disobedience, of Adam.Furthermore many Fathers and
Doctors of the Church have seen the woman announced in the Protoevangelium
as Mary, the mother of Christ, the "new Eve". Mary benefited first of all
and uniquely from Christ's victory over sin: she was preserved from all
stain of original sin and by a special grace of God committed no sin of
any kind during her whole earthly life.] (Page 104, 411) [The Fathers of
the Eastern tradition call the Mother of God "the All-Holy" (Panagia) and
celebrate her as "free from any stain of sin, as though fashioned by the
Holy Spirit and formed as a new creature." By the grace of God Mary
remained free of every personal sin her whole life long.] (Page 124, 493)
[From among the descendants of Eve, God chose the Virgin Mary to be the
mother of his Son. "Full of grace," Mary is "the most excellent fruit of
redemption": from the first instant of her conception, she was totally
preserved from the stain of original sin and she remained pure from all
personal sin throughout her life.] (Page 128, 508) ["Finally the
Immaculate Virgin, preserved free from all original sin, when the course
of her earthly life was finished, was taken up body and soul into heavenly
glory, and exalted by the Lord as Queen over all things, ....] (Page 252,
966)

This is a dangerous dogma (doctrine), bringing about Mary worship
(Mariolatry) as if she was a god. Mary was born with sin just as everyone
since the fall of man with the sole exception of Jesus. Scripture says
only Jesus was born sinless and remained sinless. This dogma makes Mary
God as only God is sinless. (Romans 3:10 As it is written, There is none
righteous, no, not one:) (Romans 3:23 For all have sinned, and come short
of the glory of God;) (Romans 3:12 They are all gone out of the way, they
are together become unprofitable; there is none that doeth good, no, not
one.) These verses say all have sinned. It does not say all except Mary.
Mary had to go to the temple and make a sacrifice for her sins, not for
Jesus who knew no sin. (II Corinthians 5:21 For he hath made him to be sin
for us, who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in
him.) This verse says Jesus knew no sin, not Mary. (Luke 2:22-24 22 And
when the days of her purification according to the law of Moses were
accomplished, they brought him to Jerusalem, to present him to the Lord;
23 (As it is written in the law of the Lord, Every male that openeth the
womb shall be called holy to the Lord;)
24 And to offer a sacrifice according to that which is said in the law of
the Lord, A pair of turtledoves, or two young pigeons.) If Mary had no sin
in her then she would not need to be purified. Mary said she was a sinner
by saying she needed a Saviour. One who is sinless needs no Saviour. (Luke
1:46-47 46 And Mary said, My soul doth magnify the Lord,
47 And my spirit hath rejoiced in God my Saviour.) We again see in Romans
5:12 how all have sinned and there is no exception for Mary. (Romans 5:12
Wherefore, as by one man sin entered into the world, and death by sin; and
so death passed upon all men, for that all have sinned:)

Satan tried to exalt himself above God and that is what Satan is
doing with Roman Catholicism by exalting Mary and the pope above God
(Jesus and God the Father). (Isaiah 14:13 For thou hast said in thine
heart, I will ascend into heaven, I will exalt my throne above the stars
of God: I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation, in the sides
of the north:)

If Mary was born without sin and is the Mother of God, then why was
she not found worthy to open the book and its seals in heaven, only Jesus
as the only sinless person was found worthy? (Revelation 5:1-5 1 And I saw
in the right hand of him that sat on the throne a book written within and
on the backside, sealed with seven seals.
2 And I saw a strong angel proclaiming with a loud voice, Who is worthy to
open the book, and to loose the seals thereof?
3 And no man in heaven, nor in earth, neither under the earth, was able to
open the book, neither to look thereon.
4 And I wept much, because no man was found worthy to open and to read the
book, neither to look thereon.
5 And one of the elders saith unto me, Weep not: behold, the Lion of the
tribe of Juda, the Root of David, hath prevailed to open the book, and to
loose the seven seals thereof.) (II Corinthians 5:21 For he hath made him
to be sin for us, who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness
of God in him.) (I John 3:5 And ye know that he was manifested to take
away our sins; and in him is no sin.) II Corinthians shows only Jesus knew
no sin and could be our Saviour, not Mary and I John 3:5 shows only Jesus
stayed sinless. If Mary was sinless, why did she not die on the cross for
our sins instead of Jesus? There would be no need for Jesus as God to have
manifested himself in the flesh as a man and die for our sins if Mary was
born sinless and remained sinless as she could have been our Saviour. This
is what the "Church" is trying to do with Mary by making her a
co-redeemer. 

Marian apparitions have said that the woman in Revelation 12 refers
to Mary as do some footnotes in some Roman Catholic bibles. This tries to
justify the pictures of Mary with twelve stars around her head. In reality
the woman in this verse is Israel and the twelve stars are the twelve
tribes of Israel. We see how the "Church" tries to replace Israel and this
supports her replacement theology. Revelation 12:2 says the woman was with
child [Jesus, who came from the nation of Israel] and was in great pain
from being in labour. If Mary is the woman in Revelation 12 and is having
pain, then she could not have been sinless. Birth pains are a consequence
from sin. (Revelation 12:2 And she being with child cried, travailing in
birth, and pained to be delivered.) (Genesis 3:16 Unto the woman he said,
I will greatly multiply thy sorrow and thy conception; in sorrow thou
shalt bring forth children; and thy desire shall be to thy husband, and he
shall rule over thee.) The "Church" is either wrong that Mary was born
without sin or that the woman in Revelation 12 is Mary. She cannot be
right on both. In reality she is wrong on both as Mary was not sinless and
is not the woman in Revelation 12.

Footnotes in many Roman Catholic bibles say that Mary and Jesus are
the exceptions to when scripture says all have sinned. This is just what
Roman Catholicism does, she twists scripture to fit her false doctrine, in
this case adding words and ideas that do not exist in scripture. All cults
do this.

2. The dogma of Mary as a perpetual virgin is another false doctrine. This
doctrine says that Mary stayed a virgin forever when scripture clearly
shows she had four more sons after Jesus and at least two daughters with
Joseph. The Roman Catholic Church tries to explain this away in her bibles
by saying they were cousins or some other explanation. This shows how she
purposely changes and ignores scripture to push and support her false
doctrines. Scripture is to be taken literally unless it tells us in
scripture that it is symbolic. The symbolism will be explained. The RCC
[Roman Catholic Church] will often refer to Mary as the Virgin Mary and
capitalize virgin to show she stayed a virgin. [The deepening of faith in
the virginal motherhood led the Church to confess Mary's real and
perpetual virginity even in the act of giving birth to the Son of God made
man. In fact, Christ's birth "did not diminish his mother's virginal
integrity but sanctified it." And so the liturgy of the Church celebrates
Mary as Aeiparthenos, the "Ever-virgin."] (Page 126, 499) [Mary "remained
a virgin in conceiving her Son, a virgin in giving birth to him, a virgin
in carrying him, a virgin in nursing him at her breast, always a virgin":
with her whole being she is "the handmaid of the Lord".] (Page 128, 510)
[Against this doctrine the objection is sometimes raised that the Bible
mentions brothers and sisters of Jesus. The Church has always understood
these passages as not referring to other children of the Virgin Mary. In
fact James and Joseph, "brothers of Jesus," are the sons of another Mary,
a disciple of Christ, whom St. Matthew significantly calls "the other
Mary." They are close relations of Jesus, according to an Old Testament
expression.] (Page 126, 500) ["Finally the Immaculate Virgin, ...] (Page
252, 966) ? (Mark 3:31-32 31 ¶ There came then his brethren and his
mother, and, standing without, sent unto him, calling him.
32 And the multitude sat about him, and they said unto him, Behold, thy
mother and thy brethren without seek for thee.) {Brethren means brothers.}
(Mark 6:3 Is not this the carpenter, the son of Mary, the brother of
James, and Joses, and of Juda, and Simon? and are not his sisters here
with us? And they were offended at him. ) Jesus is the carpenter referred
to here. Everyone knows Jesus was a carpenter, which makes sense since
carpenters build and design things just as Jesus is our Creator. Is the
"Church" trying to cover up this connection? (John 7:5 For neither did his
brethren believe in him.) (I Corinthians 9:5 Have we not power to lead
about a sister, a wife, as well as other apostles, and as the brethren of
the Lord, and Cephas?) (Galatians 1:19 But other of the apostles saw I
none, save James the Lord's brother.) This verse clearly says the Lord's
brother, not a relative of Jesus. Scripture is to be taken literally,
unless it tells us otherwise. The "Church" wants Mary to stay a virgin so
she can remain "pure" and be worshipped as a god. There is no reason to
deny what scripture says. It clearly shows it is referring to Mary the
mother of Jesus and not another Mary as the "Church" claims. The "Church"
is again trying to deceive her parishioners. Who will you trust, God and
scripture or the "Church"? If she deceives on this doctrine, how can you
trust her on the other doctrines to be telling the truth?

By leaving Mary a virgin, Roman Catholicism places shame and a curse
on Mary. Women in scripture who were barren were a shame and felt they
were abandoned and cursed by God. It was considered a blessing for a woman
to have children and the more she had, especially males, the more she was
considered blessed. Does Roman Catholicism want a shamed woman to worship?
Mary was blessed by God with four sons and at least two daughters after
being given the honour of carrying Jesus, the Son of God, in the womb.    

3. Mary is the intercessor for Roman Catholics. [.... You conceived the
living God and, by your prayers, will deliver our souls from death.] (Page
252, 966) [....Therefore the Blessed Virgin is invoked in the Church under
the titles of Advocate, Helper, Benefactress, and Mediatrix."] (Page 252,
969) ["This treasury includes as well the prayers and good works of the
Blessed Virgin Mary. They are truly immense, unfathomable, and even
pristine in their value before God. In the treasury, too, are the prayers
and good works of all the saints, all those who have followed in the
footsteps of Christ the Lord and by his grace have made their lives holy
and carried out the mission the Father entrusted to them. In this way they
attained their own salvation and at the same time cooperated in saving
their brothers in the unity of the Mystical Body."] (Page 371, 1477)

CCC 1477 shows how the "Church" says Mary by her prayers and good
works can save people. Jesus is the only one who can save and Mary who is
in heaven cannot intercede for people here on earth. True Christians still
living on earth can pray for people still alive here on earth and God may
answer their prayer, but dead people cannot do anything for us. This also
shows how the RCC encourages her people to pray to Mary when scripture
says we are only to pray to God in Jesus' name.

4. Mary is given blasphemous titles that are only for Jesus. The Roman
Catholic Church gives Mary titles and positions reserved for Jesus Christ
and God alone. The "Church" demotes Jesus and promotes Mary above Jesus
again showing who she truly worships. The "Church" does this many times,
not just with Mary, but also by usually showing Jesus as a baby or leaving
Jesus on the cross so his work was not finished and helping make Mary as
co-redeemer. [....Therefore the Blessed Virgin is invoked in the Church
under the titles of Advocate, Helper, Benefactress, and Mediatrix."] (Page
252, 969)

Mary is the "Advocate" of the Roman Catholic Church. Jesus says he is
our advocate before God the Father, not Mary. (I John 2:1 My little
children, these things write I unto you, that ye sin not. And if any man
sin, we have an advocate with the Father, Jesus Christ the righteous:)

Mary is the Helper of the "Church". God is our helper and deliverer,
not Mary. Scripture never says Mary helped anyone. (Psalm 54:4 Behold, God
is mine helper: the Lord is with them that uphold my soul.) (Hebrews 13:6
So that we may boldly say, The Lord is my helper, and I will not fear what
man shall do unto me.) (Psalm 34:17 The righteous cry, and the LORD
heareth, and delivereth them out of all their troubles.) (Psalm 97:10 Ye
that love the LORD, hate evil: he preserveth the souls of his saints; he
delivereth them out of the hand of the wicked.)

Mary is said to be the Benefactress of the Roman Catholic Church. No
one in scripture including Mary is ever called a benefactress. This is
unscriptural.

Mary is called the Mediatrix (Co-Mediator which leads to her as
co-redeemer which the "Church" wants.) of the Roman Catholic Church.
Scripture never calls her that, but in fact says Jesus is our mediator and
only mediator. He does not share this with Mary or anyone else. (I Timothy
2:5 For there is one God, and one mediator between God and men, the man
Christ Jesus;) (Hebrews 8:6 But now hath he obtained a more excellent
ministry, by how much also he is the mediator of a better covenant, which
was established upon better promises.) (Hebrews 9:15 And for this cause he
is the mediator of the new testament, that by means of death, for the
redemption of the transgressions that were under the first testament, they
which are called might receive the promise of eternal inheritance.)
(Hebrews 12:24 And to Jesus the mediator of the new covenant, and to the
blood of sprinkling, that speaketh better things than that of Abel.)
(Hebrews 1:3 Who being the brightness of his glory, and the express image
of his person, and upholding all things by the word of his power, when he
had by himself purged our sins, sat down on the right hand of the Majesty
on high;) Hebrews 1:3 clearly shows Jesus purged our sins by himself
without any help from Mary. The "Church" has never "officially" made Mary
Co-Redeemer, but "unofficially has both in title (Mediatrix) and actions.
It is only a matter of time before she does. A petition signed by
thousands of Roman Catholics was sent to the pope to have him declare Mary
as co-redemptrix or co-redeemer.

[By her complete adherence to the Father's will, to his Son's redemptive
work, and to every prompting of the Holy Spirit, the Virgin Mary is the
Church's model of faith and charity. Thus she is a "preeminent and . . .
wholly unique member of the Church"; indeed, she is the "exemplary
realization" (typus) of the Church.] (Page 252, 967)

[Her role in relation to the Church and to all humanity goes still
further. "In a wholly singular way she cooperated by her obedience, faith,
hope, and burning charity in the Savior's work of restoring supernatural
life to souls. For this reason she is a mother to us in the order of
grace."] (Page 252, 968)

["This motherhood of Mary in the order of grace continues uninterruptedly
from the consent which she loyally gave at the Annunciation and which she
sustained without wavering beneath the cross, until the eternal fulfilment
of all the elect. Taken up to heaven she did not lay aside this saving
office but by her manifold intercession continues to bring us the gifts of
eternal salvation .... Therefore the Blessed Virgin is invoked in the Church
under the titles of Advocate, Helper, Benefactress, and Mediatrix."] (Page
252, 969)

["Mary's function as mother of men in no way obscures or diminishes this
unique mediation of Christ, but rather shows its power. But the Blessed
Virgin's salutary influence on men . . . flows forth from the
superabundance of the merits of Christ, rests on his mediation, depends
entirely on it, and draws all its power from it.""No creature could ever
be counted along with the Incarnate Word and Redeemer; but just as the
priesthood of Christ is shared in various ways both by his ministers and
the faithful, and as the one goodness of God is radiated in different ways
among his creatures, so also the unique mediation of the Redeemer does not
exclude but rather gives rise to a manifold cooperation which is but a
sharing in this one source."] (Page 253, 970)

We see that Jesus and the Holy Ghost are our intercessors before God
the Father, not Mary. The Roman Catholic Church gives her the titles of
Advocate and Mediatrix. An advocate and a mediator both intercede on
behalf of someone to try and help them. Mary does none of this. Jesus and
the Holy Ghost do. (Romans 8:34 Who is he that condemneth? It is Christ
that died, yea rather, that is risen again, who is even at the right hand
of God, who also maketh intercession for us.) (Hebrews 7:25 Wherefore he
is able also to save them to the uttermost that come unto God by him,
seeing he ever liveth to make intercession for them.) Those two verses are
talking about Jesus Christ. (Romans 8:26-27 26 Likewise the Spirit also
helpeth our infirmities: for we know not what we should pray for as we
ought: but the Spirit itself maketh intercession for us with groanings
which cannot be uttered.
27 And he that searcheth the hearts knoweth what is the mind of the
Spirit, because he maketh intercession for the saints according to the
will of God.) The two above verses shows how the Holy Ghost is our
intercessor and helper along with Jesus, but not Mary.

Mary is called "the Mother of the living" a title Adam gave to Eve.
(Genesis 3:20 And Adam called his wife's name Eve; because she was the
mother of all living.)

[At the announcement that she would give birth to "the Son of the Most
High" without knowing man, by the power of the Holy Spirit, Mary responded
with the obedience of faith, certain that "with God nothing will be
impossible": "Behold, I am the handmaid of the Lord; let it be [done] to
me according to your word." Thus, giving her consent to God's word, Mary
becomes the mother of Jesus. Espousing the divine will for salvation
wholeheartedly, without a single sin to restrain her, she gave herself
entirely to the person and to the work of her Son; she did so in order to
serve the mystery of redemption with him and dependent on him, by God's
grace:

As St. Irenaeus says, "Being obedient she became the cause of salvation
for herself and for the whole human race." Hence not a few of the early
Fathers gladly assert. . .: "The knot of Eve's disobedience was untied by
Mary's obedience: what the virgin Eve bound through her disbelief, Mary
loosened by her faith." Comparing her with Eve, they call Mary "the Mother
of the living" and frequently claim: "Death through Eve, life through
Mary."] (Pages 124-125, 494)

Life comes from God, not Mary. This is another example of the
"Church" saying salvation is by Mary, demoting Jesus. CCC 494 also says
Mary "without a single sin to restrain her" again supporting the false
Immaculate Conception.

[The Virgin Mary "co-operated through free faith and obedience in human
salvation" (LG 56). She uttered her yes "in the name of all human nature"
(St. Thomas Aquinas, STh III, 30, 1). By her obedience she became the new
Eve, mother of the living.] (Page 128, 511)

Mary is called the "All Holy". This is blasphemy as Jesus is the Holy
One. CCC 493 (also CCC 411) also clearly shows how Mary not only was born
without sin, but remained sinless, completely against scripture. Only God
could be born without sin and remain sinless and he was in Jesus, not
Mary.

[The Fathers of the Eastern tradition call the Mother of God "the
All-Holy" (Panagia), and celebrate her as "free from any stain of sin, as
though fashioned by the Holy Spirit and formed as a new creature".By the
grace of God Mary remained free of every personal sin her whole life
long.] (Page 124, 493)

(Acts 3:14 But ye denied the Holy One and the Just, and desired a murderer
to be granted unto you;) (Mark 1:24 Saying, Let us alone; what have we to
do with thee, thou Jesus of Nazareth? art thou come to destroy us? I know
thee who thou art, the Holy One of God.) These and many more verses show
Jesus is the Holy One, not Mary. Only God can be the Holy One and Mary is
not God despite the fact that the "Church" worships her. Notice in Mark
1:24 that the unclean spirit from verse 23 recognizes Jesus as the Holy
One of God, not Mary.

5. Source of holiness comes from Mary: [It is in the Church, in communion
with all the baptized, that the Christian fulfills his vocation. From the
Church he receives the Word of God containing the teachings of "the law of
Christ." From the Church he receives the grace of the sacraments that
sustains him on the "way." From the Church he learns the example of
holiness and recognizes its model and source in the all-holy Virgin Mary;
he discerns it in the authentic witness of those who live it; he discovers
it in the spiritual tradition and long history of the saints who have gone
before him and whom the liturgy celebrates in the rhythms of the sanctoral
cycle.] (Page 490, 2030)

Holiness only comes from God, not Mary. God says he is holy and we
are to be holy like him, not like Mary. Scripture never calls Mary holy or
says holiness comes from her. This is just another tradition of the
"Church" to elevate Mary above Jesus. (Leviticus 11:44 For I am the LORD
your God: ye shall therefore sanctify yourselves, and ye shall be holy;
for I am holy: neither shall ye defile yourselves with any manner of
creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth.) (I Peter 1:16 Because it is
written, Be ye holy; for I am holy.)

6. Mary prays for Roman Catholics and is to be prayed to by them:

[Holy Mary, Mother of God: With Elizabeth we marvel, "And why is this
granted me, that the mother of my Lord should come to me?" Because she
gives us Jesus, her son, Mary is Mother of God and our mother; we can
entrust all our cares and petitions to her: she prays for us as she prayed
for herself: "Let it be to me according to your word." By entrusting
ourselves to her prayer, we abandon ourselves to the will of God together
with her: "Thy will be done."

Pray for us sinners, now and at the hour of our death: By asking Mary to
pray for us, we acknowledge ourselves to be poor sinners and we address
ourselves to the "Mother of Mercy," the All-Holy One. We give ourselves
over to her now, in the Today of our lives. And our trust broadens
further, already at the present moment, to surrender "the hour of our
death" wholly to her care. May she be there as she was at her son's death
on the cross. May she welcome us as our mother at the hour of our passing
to lead us to her son, Jesus, in paradise.] (Pages 643-644, 2677)

[After her Son's Ascension, Mary "aided the beginnings of the Church by
her prayers." In her association with the apostles and several women, "we
also see Mary by her prayers imploring the gift of the Spirit, who had
already overshadowed her in the Anunciation."] (Page 251, 965)

[Mary is the perfect Orans (pray-er), a figure of the Church. When we pray
to her, we are adhering with her to the plan of the Father, who sends his
Son to save all men. Like the beloved disciple we welcome Jesus' mother
into our homes, for she has become the mother of all living. We can pray
with and to her. The prayer of the Church is sustained by the prayer of
Mary and united with it in hope.] (Page 644, 2679)

This doctrine is again from tradition and is unscriptural. Nowhere in
scripture does it say Mary prays for us or that we are to pray to her. We
are commanded to pray to God the father in Jesus' name. As mentioned
before, once Mary died, she can no longer help people here on earth. Why
would a Roman Catholic want to pray to Mary when they can pray to God?
This is just another way for the "Church" to elevate Mary above Jesus. We
are never told to pray for Mary or anyone who is dead. We can only pray
for a person while we are still alive and they are still alive.  

A person is to pray in Jesus' name, not in Mary's name. Jesus said
in John 14:13-14 to ask in his name and he would do it. Jesus did not say
ask in Mary's name. (John 14:13-14 13
And whatsoever ye shall ask in my name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son.
14 If ye shall ask any thing in my name, I will do it.) (John 16:26 At
that day ye shall ask in my name: and I say not unto you, that I will pray
the Father for you:) It does no good to pray to Mary or in the name of
anyone else. Only praying in the name of Jesus will give you his power and
authority before God the Father for your prayer to be heard and answered.

Jesus is the one who gives us rest and carries our burdens, so why
pray to Mary who can do nothing for us? (Psalm 55:22 Cast thy burden upon
the LORD, and he shall sustain thee: he shall never suffer the righteous
to be moved.) (Matthew 11:28-30 28 ¶ Come unto me, all ye that labour and
are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.
29 Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in
heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls.
30 For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light.)

Mary is called "the Mother of Mercy" and the "All-Holy One". Mercy
comes from God not Mary and only God is all holy. This is blasphemous.
(Jude 21 Keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the mercy of our
Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life.) (Luke 4:34 Saying, Let us alone;
what have we to do with thee, thou Jesus of Nazareth? art thou come to
destroy us? I know thee who thou art; the Holy One of God.) Mary was not
the sinless, perfect woman that the "Church" teaches. Jesus was the only
sinless one and is the only Holy One.

Roman Catholics pray the Rosary. There are ten "Hail Mary's" for
every one "Our Father" in the Rosary. The Rosary ends with a prayer to
Mary, not Jesus.

7. Assumption of Mary is another false Marian dogma that says Mary was
taken bodily into heaven again trying to make Mary equal with God.
["Finally the Immaculate Virgin, preserved free from all stain of original
sin, when the course of her earthly life was finished, was taken up body
and soul into heavenly glory, and exalted by the Lord as Queen over all
things, so that she might be the more fully conformed to her Son, the Lord
of lords and conqueror of sin and death." The Assumption of the Blessed
Virgin is a singular participation in her Son's Resurrection and an
anticipation of the resurrection of other Christians:

In giving birth you kept your virginity; in your Dormition you did not
leave the world, O Mother of God, but were joined to the source of Life.
You conceived the living God and, by your prayers, will deliver our souls
from death.] (Page 252, 966)

Dormition is the term used by the "Church" for Mary's death and then
supposed assumption of her body into heaven. CCC says she conceived the
living God. This is pure blasphemy as God has always existed and was never
conceived. Mary conceived the man nature of Jesus, not his divine nature.
As the living God Jesus has always existed and created Mary.

The "Church" says Mary was taken body and soul into heaven, yet
Genesis 3:19 says all will return to dust. (Genesis 3:19 In the sweat of
thy face shalt thou eat bread, till thou return unto the ground; for out
of it wast thou taken: for dust thou art, and unto dust shalt thou
return.) The only exceptions besides Jesus were Enoch and Elijah who were
types of the future rapture, and those who will be raptured. All others
return to dust after death. Scripture never includes Mary in this manmade
false doctrine of Assumption of Mary. If true, Mary would have been
mentioned along with Enoch and Elijah, since she is supposedly so
important. If it was true, then why did it take the "Church" until 1950 to
discover this "truth" and that only after the pope polled the members of
the "Church" for their opinions? The "Church" has never officially defined
if Mary died first or not. Some leaders believe she died first and others
do not. Eastern Catholics believe she died first and then was resurrected
on the third day just like Jesus, again making her God just like Jesus.
For those Roman Catholic leaders who believe she died first, then how do
they explain her dying. She was supposedly born without sin and remained
sinless and scripture says death is the result of sin. If she never
sinned, then why did she die a natural death like everyone else? (Romans
6:23 For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life
through Jesus Christ our Lord.) Jesus who was sinless only died because he
gave his life for a sacrifice for us so that we might be saved. He took on
the sins of the world for us.

8. Mary is called Mother of God. [By keeping the memorials of the saints -
first of all the holy Mother of God, ...] (Page 308, 1195) [For this reason
the Council of Ephesus proclaimed in 431 that Mary truly became the Mother
of God ...] (Page 117, 466) Mary only gave birth to Jesus the man, not Jesus
as God. Mary was only the mother of Jesus, his man nature, not his divine
nature. Therefore calling Mary "Mother of God" is blasphemous since Jesus
as God has always existed and created her. Mary was only used as the
vessel in which Jesus came as God in the flesh as a man. Jesus as God has
no mother, only Jesus as man does. Jesus even called Mary "Woman", not mom
or mother. Roman Catholicism often likes to portray Jesus as a baby to
minimize him and elevate Mary. Marian apparitions are often seen with what
is supposed to be the baby Jesus is her arms when Jesus became a man to
die for our sins and rose again from the grave to be seated at the right
hand of God the Father. He is not still a baby. (John 1:1 In the beginning
was  the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.) (John
19:26 When Jesus therefore saw his mother, and the disciple standing by,
whom he loved, he saith unto his mother, Woman, behold thy son!) If Mary
was so important and the "Mother of God", then why is she never called by
this title in scripture and never mentioned in the epistles, especially
John's epistles when Jesus told John that Mary was now his mom and he was
her son?

9. Mary is given the name Queen of Heaven which is the name of the old
Babylonian goddess that God condemned. Why would a supposed Christian
church use the name of a condemned Babylonian false goddess? Many things
from the old Babylonian religion have been adapted to Roman Catholicism.
[... was taken up body and soul into heavenly glory, and exalted by the Lord
as Queen over all things, so that she might be the more fully conformed to
her Son, the Lord of lords and conqueror of sin and death." ...] (Page 252,
966) Mary is not equal with God and is no queen. Jesus is King, but he has
no queen. Jesus shares his rule with no one, though during the Millennium
he will allow some to assist him, but he is above them. (Jeremiah 7:18 The
children gather wood, and the fathers kindle the fire, and the women knead
their dough, to make cakes to the queen of heaven, and to pour out drink
offerings unto other gods, that they may provoke me to anger.) This verse
says that offering things to the queen of heaven provokes God to be angry.
Why then call Mary "Queen over all things"? Scripture says God and Jesus
are over all. The Roman Catholic Church says in the Catechism that Mary
was not the heathen god worshipped in the Old Testament, so why then would
God give Mary the same title of a heathen goddess that he hated? The
"Church" offers cakes to the queen of heaven in the Eucharist with the
"Host" and in the wine pours out drink offerings unto other gods. (I
Chronicles 29:11 Thine, O LORD, is the greatness, and the power, and the
glory, and the victory, and the majesty: for all that is in the heaven and
in the earth is thine; thine is the kingdom, O LORD, and thou art exalted
as head above all.) This verse clearly shows God is above all things, so
how can Mary be above all things. She is not God. Even if she were queen,
the queens in scripture as well as history normally had to get permission
from the king to even speak to them and were not over anything, the king
was, so why should Mary be over anything? (Philippians 2:9 Wherefore God
also hath highly exalted him, and given him a name which is above every
name:) Philippians 2:9 shows the name of Jesus is even above the name of
Mary.

10. Mary saves and delivers souls from death. [...You conceived the living
God and, by your prayers, will deliver our souls from death. ...] (page 252,
966)  [...Taken up to heaven she did not lay aside this saving office but by
her manifold intercession continues to bring us the gifts of eternal
salvation ...] (Page 252, 969) Roman Catholicism teaches that Mary delivers
our souls from death and saves people. Only Jesus can deliver our souls
from death. It is only by believing and fully trusting in Jesus as your
Saviour that one can be saved and delivered from death. Mary can no more
deliver someone from death than anyone else. The Roman Catholic Church
says Mary saves, God in scripture says otherwise. CCC 969 says Mary by her
intercession and "saving office" brings us eternal salvation. Only Jesus
saves and brings eternal salvation. Teaching that Mary can save people and
deliver souls from death is heresy. (Acts 4:10-12 10 Be it known unto you
all, and to all the people of Israel, that by the name of Jesus Christ of
Nazareth, whom ye crucified, whom God raised from the dead, even by him
doth this man stand here before you whole.
11 This is the stone which was set at nought of you builders, which is
become the head of the corner.
12 Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name
under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved.) Acts 4:12 refers
to Jesus, not Mary. Only the name of Jesus can save us, not the name of
Mary. (Isaiah 43:11 I, even I, am the LORD; and beside me there is no
saviour.) (Hosea 13:4 Yet I am the LORD thy God from the land of Egypt,
and thou shalt know no god but me: for there is no saviour beside me.)
These two verses clearly show there is no Saviour except Jesus who is the
LORD, not Mary.

11. Mariolatry. As I previously stated, many Roman Catholics have idols of
Mary at their homes. God condemned having idols. The RCC may say they are
statues, but God calls them idols and why are most of them for Mary and
not Jesus if Jesus is who they really worship? God clearly states in
Deuteronomy 4:16 not to make any graven images including of females and
this includes Mary, yet there are probably hundreds of thousands or more
graven images of Mary around the world and in people's homes. (Deuteronomy
4:16 Lest ye corrupt yourselves, and make you a graven image, the
similitude of any figure, the likeness of male or female,) (Exodus 20:4
Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any likeness of any
thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is
in the water under the earth:) (Leviticus 26:1 Ye shall make you no idols
nor graven image, neither rear you up a standing image, neither shall ye
set up any image of stone in your land, to bow down unto it: for I am the
LORD your God.) Many popes have bowed down to an idol of Mary.

Mary is often referred to as Our Lady just as Jesus Christ is
referred to as Our Lord. The "Church" elevates Mary equal with Jesus and
tries to show she was co-redeemer of salvation and she is a female "Lord"
for which the term Lady means. Many shrines and churches use the name "Our
Lady" in their name as do apparition Marys. This also shows how the
"Church" worships Mary. The local Roman Catholic high school is Notre Dame
which is French for Our Lady.

Mary has been made co-redeemer or co-redemptrix "unofficially" by the
"Church" though there is talk to make it official and some Marian
apparitions have said the "Church" needs to and will someday. Pope John
Paul II, a big Mary worshipper, almost made it official when he was pope.
Paul in his letter to the Corinthians spoke of how some of them tried to
divide Christ and he said did he die for their sins or are they baptized
in his name or any other? The same can be said of Mary. Did she die for
anyone's sins or are Roman Catholics baptized in her name? Was Mary
crucified for Roman Catholics or anyone else? Did she shed her blood for
anyone? No she was not crucified and did not die for anyone and no they
are not baptized in her name, but in the name of Jesus. Let this verse
from a "Church" saint speak for those who are pushing Mary as a
co-redeemer. (I Corinthians 1:13 Is Christ divided? was Paul crucified for
you? or were ye baptized in the name of Paul?)

Many Marian apparition sightings have been officially recognized and
blessed by the RCC. Many have shrines built on their sites. The RCC has
given approval of what these Marian apparitions have said which often
contradict scripture. A true Christian church would not do this. Scripture
says to test the spirits as these are devils behind the apparitions. (I
John 4:1 Beloved, believe not every spirit, but try the spirits whether
they are of God: because many false prophets are gone out into the world.)
Here are some of the things said by these Marian apparitions. The
Guadalupe Mary is supposed to have called herself "the perfect and ever
Virgin Holy Mary". In Fatima she supposedly said according to Nun Lucia
Abobora "He wishes to establish in the world the devotion of My Immaculate
Heart". The Fatima Mary also said "reparation for the sins committed
against the Immaculate Heart of Mary". Sins are committed against God, not
Mary. Fatima Mary also said "He wishes to establish the devotion to My
Immaculate Heart throughout the world." Jesus would never tell people to
worship Mary. The Guadalupe Mary said "those who seek me, those who trust
in me". Jesus said to trust in him, not Mary. One apparition Mary in
Yugoslavia said "I must suffer for the salvation of souls" and "Jesus
comes in the Host". The Lady of All Nations apparition supposedly said
that one day the Roman Catholic Church would make her as co-redeemer a
"Church" dogma. Many of these sightings are in mostly Roman Catholic
nations as Satan knows Roman Catholics want to see Mary.

Mary was never exalted by Jesus above anyone else. In fact Jesus had
a few things to say about this knowing Roman Catholics and others would
elevate her and worship her instead of him. (Matthew 12:46-50 46 ¶ While
he yet talked to the people, behold, his mother and his brethren stood
without, desiring to speak with him.
47 Then one said unto him, Behold, thy mother and thy brethren stand
without, desiring to speak with thee.
48 But he answered and said unto him that told him, Who is my mother? and
who are my brethren?
49 And he stretched forth his hand toward his disciples, and said, Behold
my mother and my brethren!
50 For whosoever shall do the will of my Father which is in heaven, the
same is my brother, and sister, and mother.) These verses in Matthew show
that Mary and Jesus' siblings did not get any special privileges to see
him above anyone else. Mary is worshipped by the "Church" and she rules
over the "Church". (Isaiah 3:12 ¶ As for my people, children are their
oppressors, and women rule over them. O my people, they which lead thee
cause thee to err, and destroy the way of thy paths.) God clearly shows
here in Isaiah 3:12 that women are not to rule over men. This has also
brought about the destruction in some churches with women pastors as well
as destruction in the family when women are the head of the house instead
of the God ordained man. (I Corinthians 11:3 But I would have you know,
that the head of every man is Christ; and the head of the woman is the
man; and the head of Christ is God.) (I Timothy 2:12 But I suffer not a
woman to teach, nor to usurp authority over the man, but to be in
silence.) Jesus said that there was no one born of a woman that was
greater than John the Baptist and this includes Mary. The Roman Catholic
Church has many feasts days for Mary showing how they worship her.

Pope John Paul II, a big Mary worshipper, credited the Marian
apparition of Fatima for saving his life in the May 13, 1981 assassination
attempt on him, instead of crediting God (Jesus). This shows who he really
worshipped. The surgeons were ordered by him not to remove his brown
scapular while operating on him, again showing his allegiance to Mary, not
God (Jesus).

The Marian Movement of Priests was founded in 1972 by an Italian
priest while praying to the Mary idol in Fatima. It was founded to allow
priests to worship Mary and praise her and ask her for her help in the
"Church" since many priests were leaving the "Church" for the truth in
Jesus, not Mary. According to the Marian Movement of Priests website,
today (2021) there are over 400 cardinals and bishops [of about 5,800
worldwide], over 100,000 priests [only about 414,000 worldwide], and
millions of other religious worldwide who are members. This shows how much
of the leadership and the laity of the "Church" clearly worship Mary and
the precedent she has over Jesus.

12. Mary will crush Satan's head. Genesis 3:15 says that Jesus will crush
the head of Satan, yet the Roman Catholic Douay-Rheims version bible says
Mary will crush his head. This allows for Mary as co-redeemer. Many
paintings and statues of Mary can be found with her stepping on a serpent.
(Genesis 3:15 And I will put enmity between thee and the woman, and
between thy seed and her seed; it shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt
bruise his heel. [King James Bible]) Genesis 3:15 in Douay-Rheims says (I
will put enmities between thee and the woman, and thy seed and her seed:
she shall crush thy head, and thou shalt lie in wait for her heel.) Roman
Catholic Knox bible says (And I will establish a feud between thee and the
woman, between thy offspring and hers; she is to crush thy head, while
thou dost lie in ambush at her heels.) This shows how the RCC has changed
her bibles to match her false doctrines.

13. Transubstantiation is the false doctrine that the bread and wine of
the Eucharist are the actual body and blood of Jesus. Transubstantiation
is the belief by Roman Catholics that during Mass, the priests have the
power to supernaturally turn the bread and wine into the literal body and
blood of Jesus Christ. This is then taken by the members who are
theoretically eating Jesus and are thus cannibals. Roman Catholics treat
the Eucharist with more care than they do the real Jesus. It is crazy to
believe the priests have this power, yet there is no change in the bread
or wine. This dogma (doctrine) also teaches that the priests have power to
call down Jesus at any time at their whim. That is not how God works. We
do not control Jesus who is God. This is arrogance and blasphemy. (I Peter
3:22 Who is gone into heaven, and is on the right hand of God; angels and
authorities and powers being made subject unto him.) Peter "the first
pope" said Jesus has power over all angels, authorities, and powers. Do
you think he does not have power over the "priests" who as men are lower
than the angels? [...In the most blessed sacrament of the Eucharist "the
body and blood, together with the soul and divinity, of our Lord Jesus
Christ and, therefore, the whole Christ is truly, really, and
substantially contained." ...] (Page 346, 1374) [The Council of Trent
summarizes the Catholic faith by declaring: "Because Christ our Redeemer
said that it was truly his body that he was offering under the species of
bread, it has always been the conviction of the Church of God, and this
holy Council now declares again, that by the consecration of the bread and
wine there takes place a change of the whole substance of the bread into
the substance of the body of Christ our Lord and of the whole substance of
the wine into the substance of his blood. This change the holy Catholic
Church has fittingly and properly called transubstantiation."] (Page 347,
1376) [If any one shall deny, that, in the sacrament of the most holy
Eucharist, are verily, really, and substantially contained the body and
blood, together with the soul and divinity, of our Lord Jesus Christ, and
consequently the whole Christ; but shall say that He is only therein as in
a sign, or in figure, or virtue; let him be anathema.] (Canons and Decrees
of the Council of Trent/Session XIII/Sacrament of the Eucharist, Canon I)
[If any one shall say, that Christ, presented in the Eucharist, is eaten
spiritually only, and not also sacramentally and really; let him be
anathema.] (Canons and Decrees of the Council of Trent/Session
XIII/Sacrament of the Eucharist, Canon VIII)

Cannibalism is not allowed by God and is against God's order and was
never approved by him. Scripture always speaks of cannibalism in a
negative and sinful way. People were never on the list of clean food in
Leviticus 11. Roman Catholics are guilty of cannibalism and vampirism if
the wafer and wine really become the body and blood of Jesus. Who would
want to serve a God that you have power to command him to come into a
wafer "host" or put his blood in the wine or one you can eat? I serve a
much more powerful God and so can you if you repent and call upon Jesus to
save you.

Scripture forbids drinking blood, yet Roman Catholics are told they
are drinking the real blood of Jesus in the Eucharist. Why would the
"Church" encourage something that is against scripture? Why would Jesus
tell us we cannot drink blood, but then command us to drink his blood?
Jesus obeyed the law to the letter and would not break it even for himself
or expect a Roman Catholic to violate what scripture says just to
participate in a false sacrament of the "Church". The "Church" is
encouraging vampirism by telling Roman Catholics to drink the "blood" of
Jesus and cannibalism in the wafer. Vampirism is from Satan, not God.
(Leviticus 17:12 Therefore I said unto the children of Israel, No soul of
you shall eat blood, neither shall any stranger that sojourneth among you
eat blood.)

If the "Host" is really the body of Jesus and the wine is really the
blood of Jesus, then why do they not taste any different? The wine does
not taste like blood, but wine and the wafer like a cracker, not like the
flesh of a man. If transubstantiation is real then why is there no visible
change in this "miracle" as seen in the miracles of scripture? In
scripture a blind man could see, the deaf could hear, the lame could walk,
and the dead were resurrected to life. A witness could physically see the
change done by the miracle, so why not when a priest allegedly transforms
the bread and wine into the actual body and blood of Jesus? Does it only
happen once in the belly of the person? This is again absurd to think such
a thing. Why in Roman Catholicism is the body and blood of Jesus taken
literally when he said this is my body and blood, do this in remembrance
of me, yet when Jesus said I am the door (John 10:9), I am the good
shepherd (John 10:11), or I am the vine (John 15:5), the "Church" does not
take these literally? Why is the door into the "Church" not really Jesus
that one enters into?

14. The Eucharist can forgive the sins of Roman Catholics. [Holy Communion
separates us from sin. The body of Christ we receive in Holy Communion is
"given up for us," and the blood we drink "shed for the many for the
forgiveness of sins." For this reason the Eucharist cannot unite us to
Christ without at the same time cleansing us from past sins and preserving
us from future sins:

For as often as we eat this bread and drink the cup, we proclaim the death
of the Lord. If we proclaim the Lord's death, we proclaim the forgiveness
of sins. If, as often as his blood is poured out, it is poured for the
forgiveness of sins, I should always receive it, so that it may always
forgive my sins. Because I always sin, I should always have a remedy.]
(Pages 351-352, 1393) Roman Catholics say they worship Jesus, yet they
worship another Jesus as scripture calls it and not the Jesus of
scripture. They worship the Eucharistic Jesus. I believe the Marian
apparitions and the Eucharistic Jesus will be what will unite the world
under Roman Catholicism and the One World Religion of the tribulation.

Only the blood of Jesus can forgive us of our sins, not the
Eucharist. The Eucharist will not preserve anyone from future sins, only
having received Jesus as your Saviour are you still guaranteed of eternal
life, though not preserved from still sinning. Jesus said in (Matthew
26:28 For this is my blood of the new testament, which is shed for many
for the remission of sins.) (Ephesians 1:7 In whom we have redemption
through his blood, the forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of his
grace;) (Colossians 1:14 In whom we have redemption through
his blood, even the forgiveness of sins:) (I John 1:7 But if we walk in
the light, as he is in the light, we have fellowship one with another, and
the blood of Jesus Christ his Son cleanseth us from all sin.) These verses
clearly show it is the blood of Jesus, not the Eucharist that forgives
sins.

15. The Eucharist daily sacrifices Jesus.  Roman Catholicism teaches that
every time the Eucharist is celebrated, the death of Jesus is repeated.
Scripture says Jesus' sacrifice for us was for one time only. There is no
need to keep repeating this. Does the Roman Catholic Church not believe
Jesus when he said it was finished on the cross? (John 19:30 When Jesus
therefore had received the vinegar, he said, It is finished: and he bowed
his head, and gave up the ghost.) For Roman Catholics, his sacrifice is
not finished or they would not keep "sacrificing" him over and over again
every time they "eat" him when taking the Eucharist. (Hebrews 6:6 If they
shall fall away, to renew them again unto repentance; seeing they crucify
to themselves the Son of God afresh, and put him to an open shame.)
(Hebrews 7:27 Who needeth not daily, as those high priests, to offer up
sacrifice, first for his own sins, and then for the people's: for this he
did once, when he offered up himself.) Roman Catholics offer Jesus up
daily and put him to an open shame. (Hebrews 9:24-28 24 For Christ is not
entered into the holy places made with hands, which are the figures of the
true; but into heaven itself, now to appear in the presence of God for us:
25 Nor yet that he should offer himself often, as the high priest entereth
into the holy place every year with blood of others;
26 For then must he often have suffered since the foundation of the world:
but now once in the end of the world hath he appeared to put away sin by
the sacrifice of himself.
27 And as it is appointed unto men once to die, but after this the
judgment:
28 So Christ was once offered to bear the sins of many; and unto them that
look for him shall he appear the second time without sin unto salvation.)
(Hebrews 10:12 But this man, after he had offered one sacrifice for sins
for ever, sat down on the right hand of God;) All of these verses in
Hebrews refer to Jesus Christ. (I Peter 3:18 For Christ also hath once
suffered for sins, the just for the unjust, that he might bring us to God,
being put to death in the flesh, but quickened by the Spirit:) Peter
inspired by the Holy Ghost said Christ suffered once. Listen to your
"first pope." In Revelation 1:18 Jesus says he was dead, but is alive
evermore. He was only dead once, not daily as in the Eucharist.
(Revelation 1:18 I am he that liveth, and was dead; and, behold, I am
alive for evermore, Amen; and have the keys of hell and of death.)  

16. The Eucharist is worshipped. [Worship of the Eucharist. In the liturgy
of the Mass we express our faith in the real presence of Christ under the
species of bread and wine by, among other ways, genuflecting or bowing
deeply as a sign of adoration of the Lord. "The Catholic Church has always
offered and still offers to the sacrament of the Eucharist the cult of
adoration, not only during Mass, but also outside of it, reserving the
consecrated hosts with the utmost care, exposing them to the solemn
veneration of the faithful, and carrying them in procession."] (Page 347,
1378)

Roman Catholics worship the host (bread or wafer). They treat it as
if it is Jesus himself since they believe it becomes Jesus. They worship
this "host" more than they do the true Jesus. This practice is nothing
more than idolatry. If the wafer is dropped, they act as if they literally
dropped Jesus. They will not just throw it away for the manmade wafer it
is. God is much more powerful than being able to be carried around in ones
hands. A communion plate is held under the host while it is taken in case
it should fall and "Jesus" will not fall on the ground. The bread (wafer)
is placed on an "altar" rather than just a table as it is allegedly Jesus
and is to be worshipped. It is a sin (idolatry) to bow and worship the
Eucharist. Many nuns and others have gone before the altar to worship the
Eucharist Host. (Acts 17:29 Forasmuch then as we are the offspring of God,
we ought not to think that the Godhead is like unto gold, or silver, or
stone, graven by art and man's device.) The Eucharist is manmade. Jesus
said we are to worship God in Spirit and in truth, not a piece of bread
(Eucharistic Host). Jesus is in heaven at the right hand of God the
Father, not in the Eucharist Host. (John 4:24 God is a Spirit: and they
that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth.)

The Eucharist is often placed in a monstrance in the middle of it and
carried around and kissed and worshipped. The monstrance is in the shape
of a radiant sun with the Eucharist placed in the middle. In some
countries, mostly Roman Catholic nations, it is paraded down streets as a
god and the Roman Catholics bow down before it. The monstrance is from the
old Babylonian religion and nowhere in scripture. Why would the "Church"
use an old heathen symbol for such a holy purpose as the Lord's
Supper?    

The Eucharist is to be placed in a tabernacle. Children are told to
pray to it and keep Jesus company. CCC 1183 shows how the Eucharist is to
be venerated. "Jesus" is to be kept in a box out of "reverence." Jesus is
in heaven.

[The tabernacle is to be situated "in churches in a most worthy place with
the greatest honor."The dignity, placing, and security of the Eucharistic
tabernacle should foster adoration before the Lord really present in the
Blessed Sacrament of the altar.
The sacred chrism (myron), used in anointings as the sacramental sign of
the seal of the gift of the Holy Spirit, is traditionally reserved and
venerated in a secure place in the sanctuary. The oil of catechumens and
the oil of the sick may also be placed there.] (Page 306, 1183)

["It is in the Eucharistic cult ....] (Page 391, 1566)

The Roman Catholic Church rightly calls the Eucharist a cult. It
takes a cult to know one. Following and believing that this bread (wafer)
can and does become Jesus at the will of the priest and can heal and save
people is cultic beliefs. Believing in the Eucharist does not please God.

A true Christian is indwelt with Jesus at all times, yet a Roman
Catholic believes they are only indwelt with Jesus for the fifteen minutes
or so that the Host stays in their stomach. If a person is truly saved,
Jesus will never leave them. (Hebrews 13:5 Let your conversation be
without covetousness; and be content with such things as ye have: for he
hath said, I will never leave thee, nor forsake thee.)

A person is only to worship God and not even an image of God or an
object that allegedly contains God as is taught in Roman Catholicism.

17. The Eucharist can allegedly help the dead. [The Eucharist sacrifice is
also offered for the faithful departed who "have died in Christ but are
not yet wholly purified," so that they may be able to enter into the light
and peace of Christ: ...] (Page 345, 1371) [A priest is entitled to offer
Mass for anyone, living or dead.] (1983 Code of Canon, page 166, Canon
901) Canon 901 shows how a priest is allowed to have Mass for the dead.
Mass includes the Eucharistic sacrifice, showing how the "Church" thinks
this ritual can help the dead, which it cannot. How is prayer and paying
for Masses supposed to help someone in purgatory if God supposedly cannot
even help them? (Hebrews 9:27 And as it is appointed unto men once to die,
but after this the judgment:) (Romans 14:12 So then every one of us shall
give account of himself to God.) We see that we all will be judged after
death and will give an account for ourselves, not anyone else. If one dies
in their sins, they are condemned already and no one including the
Eucharist can help them. God does not give people a second chance for
salvation or to improve their rewards in heaven after ones death.

18. Mass. Mass is the central liturgical ritual service in the Roman
Catholic Church when reading of scripture is done and prayers and then
they have the Eucharist where they give the bread and wine and supposedly
transubstantiation is performed by the priest or higher official. The
Catholic Encyclopedia says "The Mass is the complex of prayers and
ceremonies that make up the service of the Eucharist in the Latin rites."
It is sometimes referred to as Most Holy Sacrifice of the Mass. The
Eucharist is said to be the bloodless sacrifice of Jesus, even though
scripture says blood is needed. The prayers and other sayings done by the
lay Roman Catholics as they answer back to the priest are found in the
Missal, another book added by the Roman Catholic Church in order to
properly worship. Jesus condemned rituals of the Pharisees. Mass is
nothing more than a ritual done each time with the same words repeated and
actions such as the false Eucharist. God said not to pray in vain
repetitions as the heathen do. Mass is not scriptural. Mass means "death
sacrifice" in reference to the death of Jesus. Roman Catholics kill Jesus
everyday with the "Host" which is supposedly Jesus as the victim. It is a
disgrace to have Jesus die every day. [The Mass is at the same time, and
inseparably, the sacrificial memorial in which the sacrifice of the cross
is perpetuated and the sacred banquet of communion with the Lord's body
and blood. But the celebration of the Eucharistic sacrifice is wholly
directed toward the intimate union of the faithful with Christ through
communion. To receive communion is to receive Christ himself who has
offered himself for us.] (Page 349, 1382) [The sacrifice of Christ and the
sacrifice of the Eucharist are one single sacrifice: "The victim is one
and the same: the same now offers through the ministry of priests, who
then offered himself on the cross; only the manner of offering is
different." "And since in this divine sacrifice which is celebrated in the
Mass, the same Christ who offered himself once in a bloody manner on the
altar of the cross is contained and is offered in an unbloody manner ...
this sacrifice is truly propitiatory."] (Page 344, 1367)

CCC 1367 shows how the "Church" believes the Eucharist and the death
of Jesus are the same, except the Eucharist is "an unbloody manner".
Hebrews 9:22 said without the shedding of blood, there is no remission of
sins, so then how can the Eucharist forgive the "venial" sins of Roman
Catholics? (Hebrews 9:22 And almost all things are by the law purged with
blood; and without shedding of blood is no remission.)

The Catholic Dictionary under the definition for atonement says "The
Sacrifice of Christ, renewed at each Holy Mass" clearly shows how the
"Church" at every Mass sacrifices Jesus over and over, when scripture
clearly says Jesus died once for our sins. There is no reason for Jesus to
die again. He said it was finished on the cross just before his death. The
"Church" does not believe Jesus and thinks she must continually sacrifice
Jesus over and over to satisfy her sins. She does not trust God to have
completed the job and thinks she can do better.

19. Salvation is only through the Roman Catholic Church. [To reunite all
his children, scattered and led astray by sin, the Father willed to call
the whole of humanity together into his Son's Church. The Church is the
place where humanity must rediscover its unity and salvation. The Church
is "the world reconciled." She is that bark which "in the full sail of the
Lord's cross, by the breath of the Holy Spirit, navigates safely in this
world." According to another image dear to the Church Fathers, she is
prefigured by Noah's ark, which alone saves from the flood.

"Outside the Church there is no salvation"] (Page 224, 845) CCC 845
clearly teaches there is no salvation outside the "Church". They are
referring to the Roman Catholic Church and not the scriptural true church
of God made up of true believers. Roman Catholics are not saved, so they
cannot be the true "church". The church does not save anyone. People who
have never been in a church can still be saved, for example the penitent
thief on the cross. Many people in remote tribes of the world are saved
after hearing the gospel from missionaries yet do not even know what a
church is or what the "Church" is. ["The sole Church of Christ [is that]
which our Savior, after his Resurrection, entrusted to Peter's pastoral
care, commissioning him and the other apostles to extend and rule it....
This Church, constituted and organized as a society in the present world,
subsists in (subsistit in) the Catholic Church, which is governed by the
successor of Peter and by the bishops in communion with him."

The Second Vatican Council's Decree on Ecumenism explains: "For it is
through Christ's Catholic Church alone, which is the universal help toward
salvation, that the fullness of the means of salvation can be obtained. It
was to the apostolic college alone, of which Peter is the head, that we
believe that our Lord entrusted all the blessings of the New Covenant, in
order to establish on earth the one Body of Christ into which all those
should be fully incorporated who belong in any way to the People of God."]
(Page 215, 816) [How are we to understand this affirmation, often repeated
by the Church Fathers? Re-formulated positively, it means that all
salvation comes from Christ the Head through the Church which is his Body:

Basing itself on Scripture and Tradition, the Council teaches that the
Church, a pilgrim now on earth, is necessary for salvation: the one Christ
is the mediator and the way of salvation; he is present to us in his body
which is the Church. He himself explicitly asserted the necessity of faith
and Baptism, and thereby affirmed at the same time the necessity of the
Church which men enter through Baptism as through a door. Hence they could
not be saved who, knowing that the Catholic Church was founded as
necessary by God through Christ, would refuse either to enter it or to
remain in it.] (Page 224, 846)

CCC 846 shows how a Roman Catholic becomes a member of the "Church"
at baptism and that the "Church" is necessary for salvation. Jesus saves
us, not the "Church" or Mary or our "good works". Salvation is not through
the "Church", but only by the blood of Jesus. The true church made up of
scripturally born again believers is the body of Christ, not the false
"Church" of Roman Catholicism which is made up of mostly unbelievers. The
Roman Catholic Church is the body of Satan.  Here are just some verses
that show salvation is by Jesus, not the Roman Catholic Church. (Romans
10:9-10 9 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and
shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou
shalt be saved.
10 For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth
confession is made unto salvation.) (Romans 10:13 For whosoever shall call
upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.) Romans 10:13 clearly says
whosoever calls upon Jesus, not the "Church" shall be saved. This verse
also shows Mary, the pope, works, baptism, nor anyone or anything else
will save you. (Acts 16:30-31 30 And brought them out, and said, Sirs,
what must I do to be saved?
31 And they said, Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be
saved, and thy house.) Jesus said in (John 6:47 Verily, verily, I say unto
you, He that believeth on me hath everlasting life.) Jesus said in (John
3:16 ¶ For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son,
that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting
life.) (John 3:36 He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life: and
he that believeth not the Son shall not see life; but the wrath of God
abideth on him.) (Isaiah 43:11 I, even I, am the LORD; and beside me there
is no saviour.) Isaiah 43:11 clearly shows the LORD (Jesus) is our
Saviour, not the Roman Catholic Church or Mary. (Galatians 3:26 For ye are
all the children of God by faith in Christ Jesus.) The Roman Catholic
Church nor any other church including a Baptist church can save you, only
Jesus can.

20. Sacraments save. The Roman Catholic Church has seven sacraments which
are works that must be done by Roman Catholics in order to be saved. God
never gave the true church any sacraments, only two ordinances, baptism
and the Lord's supper or communion. These ordinances will not save a
person or prevent a saved person from going to heaven if neither of them
is ever observed. They were given by God for us to be seen publicly as one
of his children and die, be buried and rise with Jesus in a new life in
baptism and to remember his death with the Lord's supper until he comes.
They are observed to obey God, not for salvation. The "Church" divides the
seven sacraments into three groups. Baptism, Confirmation, and the
Eucharist are in the first group known as the sacraments of Christian
initiation since they are given to new Roman Catholics. The second group
consists of Penance and Anointing of the Sick (formerly called Extreme
Unction) and are known as the sacraments of healing. The third group
consists of Holy Orders and Matrimony and are known as the sacraments of
service.

[The Church affirms that for believers the sacraments of the New Covenant
are necessary for salvation. "Sacramental grace" is the grace of the Holy
Spirit, given by Christ and proper to each sacrament. The Spirit heals and
transforms those who receive him by conforming them to the Son of God. The
fruit of the sacramental life is that the Spirit of adoption makes the
faithful partakers in the divine nature by uniting them in a living union
with the only Son, the Savior.] (Page 292, 1129) [The whole liturgical
life of the Church revolves around the Eucharistic sacrifice and the
sacraments. There are seven sacraments in the Church: Baptism,
Confirmation or Chrismation, Eucharist, Penance, Anointing of the Sick,
Holy Orders, and Matrimony. ...] (Page 289, 1113) [Baptism is the first and
chief sacrament of the forgiveness of sins: it unites us to Christ, who
died and rose, and gives us the Holy Spirit.] (Page 257, 985) (Mark 7:7
Howbeit in vain do they worship me, teaching for doctrines the
commandments of men.)

21. Baptism saves. [...Baptism is necessary for salvation for those who have
not yet been reborn.] (Page 255, 980)

[Baptism, the gateway to the sacraments, is necessary for salvation,
either by actual reception or at least by desire. By it people are freed
from sins, are born again as children of God and, made like to Christ by
an indelible character, are incorporated into the Church. It is validly
conferred only by washing in real water with the proper form of words.]
(Page 158, CIC 849) When talking to a Roman Catholic, be careful not to
take them at their word. Roman Catholics will say they are saved and are
born again Christians. They do not have the Biblical meaning in mind. They
believe one is saved or reborn after they are baptized. This is seen in
CCC 980 above and CCC 1277 below. One is only truly saved and reborn (born
again) when they repent and ask Jesus to save them. Roman Catholics will
often use other words used by a true Christian, but again with different
meanings. All cults do this. They twist the meanings of words for their
doctrine and to have the appearance of true Christians.

[Baptism is birth into the new life in Christ. In accordance with the
Lord's will, it is necessary for salvation, as is the Church herself,
which we enter by Baptism.] (Page 324, 1277)

CCC 1277 shows again how baptism is necessary for salvation and also
the "Church" is necessary for salvation. CCC 1277 also shows how a person
becomes a member of the Roman Catholic Church at the moment they are
baptized. Baptism and the "Church" will not save anyone, only Jesus. A
person becomes a member of the church (body of Christ made up of all true
believers regardless of their denomination) at the moment they are truly
scripturally saved and not when they join a local church. If one is saved,
they are a member of the church even if they are not a member of a local
church or do not even go to church (though one should go). [The Lord
himself affirms that Baptism is necessary for salvation. He also commands
his disciples to proclaim the Gospel to all nations and to baptize them.
Baptism is necessary for salvation for those to whom the Gospel has been
proclaimed and who have had the possibility of asking for this sacrament.
The Church does not know of any means other than Baptism that assures
entry into eternal beatitude; this is why she takes care not to neglect
the mission she has received from the Lord to see that all who can be
baptized are "reborn of water and the Spirit." God has bound salvation to
the sacrament of Baptism, but he himself is not bound by his sacraments.]
(Page 320, 1257) As baptism does not save you, it can assure no one of
going to heaven. The penitent thief on the cross was not baptized, but he
was assured of going to heaven by Jesus himself.

The RCC says people are born again when they are baptized. This is
why you have to be careful in the language you use when speaking to them
as they and all cults will often times use the same language just with
different meanings. A person is born again when they ask Jesus to save
them, not when they are baptized.

Baptism in Roman Catholicism is usually done by pouring water (known
by the "Church" as infusion) or sometimes by sprinkling (known by the
"Church" as aspersion) and usually as infants unless an adult converts to
Roman Catholicism. Baptism represents us dying, being buried, and being
resurrected with the Lord Jesus. A person does not die and is not buried
from water sprinkled or poured on their head, only by immersion. The RCC
even admits early Christians baptized by immersion and she claims she was
the early church. She cannot even get the mode of baptism correct, so how
can she get the doctrine of baptism correct? The RCC used to teach that
unbaptized infants went to Limbo, but she has dropped this false doctrine.


22. The Roman Catholic Church believes she can forgive sins: [There is no
offense, however serious, that the Church cannot forgive. "There is no
one, however wicked and guilty, who may not confidently hope for
forgiveness, provided his repentance is honest." Christ who died for all
men desires that in his Church the gates of forgiveness should always be
open to anyone who turns away from sin.] (Page 256, 982) [By Christ's
will, the Church possesses the power to forgive the sins of the baptized
and exercises it through bishops and priests normally in the sacrament of
Penance.] (Page 257, 986) [Catechesis strives to awaken and nourish in the
faithful faith in the incomparable greatness of the risen Christ's gift to
his Church: the mission and the power to forgive sins through the ministry
of the apostles and their successors:

The Lord wills that his disciples possess a tremendous power: that his
lowly servants accomplish in his name all that he did when he was on
earth.

Priests have received from God a power that he has given neither to angels
nor to archangels.... God above confirms what priests do here below.

Were there no forgiveness of sins in the Church, there would be no hope of
life to come or eternal liberation. Let us thank God who has given his
Church such a gift.] (Page 256, 983) Notice that they admit that not even
angels have been given the power to forgive sins. Why would he let men who
are lower than angels share his power to forgive sins? Only God can
forgive sins. [Baptism is the first and chief sacrament of the forgiveness
of sins: it unites us to Christ, who died and rose, and gives us the Holy
Spirit.] (Page 257, 985) Baptism does not save anyone and will not forgive
any one of their sins. (Hebrews 4:16 Let us therefore come boldly unto the
throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy, and find grace to help in time
of need.) (Ephesians 4:32 And be ye kind one to another, tenderhearted,
forgiving one another, even as God for Christ's sake hath forgiven you.)
(Psalm 103:2-3 2 Bless the LORD, O my soul, and forget not all his
benefits:
3 Who forgiveth all thine iniquities; who healeth all thy diseases;)
{iniquities is sin}

23. The pope is infallible in matters of faith and morals. ["The Roman
Pontiff, head of the college of bishops, enjoys this infallibility in
virtue of his office, when, as supreme pastor and teacher of all the
faithful - who confirms his brethren in the faith - he proclaims by a
definitive act a doctrine pertaining to faith or morals.... The
infallibility promised to the Church is also present in the body of
bishops when, together with Peter's successor, they exercise the supreme
Magisterium," above all in an Ecumenical Council. When the Church through
its supreme Magisterium proposes a doctrine "for belief as being divinely
revealed," and as the teaching of Christ, the definitions "must be adhered
to with the obedience of faith." This infallibility extends as far as the
deposit of divine Revelation itself.] (Pages 235-236, 891) Scripture
teaches none are perfect in morals, not even the pope yet the "Church"
teaches that the pope is infallible when he speaks ex cathedra (means
"from the chair" as he is in the supposed chair of Peter from Jesus) and
is supposedly speaking for the Holy Ghost. He is not and his words are not
infallible. The prophets of the old testament when speaking for God would
say "Thus saith the LORD" yet the pope never says that when he is
supposedly speaking for God. (Romans 3:10 As it is written, There is none
righteous, no, not one:) (Romans 3:23 For all have sinned, and come short
of the glory of God;) These verses say all have sinned and none are
righteous. They do not make exceptions for the Pope or Mary. The Holy
Ghost as was seen earlier teaches us our morals and truth. If popes are
infallible, then why do they have to confess their own sins to a priest
like every other Roman Catholic? I know they say they are only infallible
in matters of moral issues, but this still is wrong. How can they be
infallible then and not at other times? This is just an excuse to cover
for the sins of the popes. The whole idea of a pope is just another of
many unscriptural doctrines of the RCC.

24. All Roman Catholic leaders are infallible in moral matters. [....To
fulfill this service, Christ endowed the Church's shepherds with the
charism of infallibility in matters of faith and morals. ....] (Page 235,
890) [The infallibility of the Magisterium of the Pastors extends to all
the elements of doctrine, including moral doctrine, without which the
saving truths of the faith cannot be preserved, expounded, or observed.]
(Page 495, 2051)

25. The pope is the Vicar of Christ. [The Pope, Bishop of Rome and Peter's
successor, "is the perpetual and visible source and foundation of the
unity both of the bishops and of the whole company of the faithful." "For
the Roman Pontiff, by reason of his office as Vicar of Christ, and as
pastor of the entire Church has full, supreme, and universal power over
the whole Church, a power which he can always exercise unhindered."] (Page
234, 882)

[The Pope enjoys, by divine institution, "supreme, full, immediate, and
universal power in the care of souls".] (Page 246, 937)

[The office uniquely committed by the Lord to Peter, the first of the
Apostles, and to be transmitted to his successors, abides in the Bishop of
the Church of Rome. He is the head of the College of Bishops, the Vicar of
Christ, and the Pastor of the universal Church here on earth.
Consequently, by virtue of his office, he has supreme, full, immediate and
universal ordinary power in the Church, and he can always freely exercise
this power.] (Page 57, CIC 331)

[1. By virtue of his office, the Roman Pontiff not only has power over the
universal Church, but also has pre-eminent ordinary power over all
particular Churches and their groupings. ... 3 There is neither appeal nor
recourse against a judgement or a decree of the Roman Pontiff.] (Pages
57-58, CIC 333 sections 1 and 3)

Both CCC 882 and 937 and Canons 331 and 333 clearly show that the
pope has supreme authority in the "Church" and no one can override him.
The pope is a dictator and absolute monarch when Jesus is the Supreme
authority of the church and the head of the church, not the pope. Jesus is
King of kings. Notice how CIC 333 also acts like the pope has control over
all Christians that are not in the Roman Catholic Church since he controls
the "universal Church". Jesus said (John 14:26 But the Comforter, which is
the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you
all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have
said unto you.) (John 16:13 Howbeit when he, the Spirit of truth, is come,
he will guide you into all truth: for he shall not speak of himself; but
whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak: and he will shew you things
to come.) We see from the above verse how the Holy Ghost (Spirit) guides
us into all truth, not the pope.

The pope as the supposed substitute of Jesus (Jesus can have no
substitute) here on earth should show similarities to Jesus. The pope
lives extravagantly and even has his own nation (Vatican City) and title
of Sovereign of the State of Vatican City. The pope is a king here on
earth, but Jesus is the King of kings. (I Timothy 6:15 Which in his times
he shall shew, who is the blessed and only Potentate, the King of kings,
and Lord of lords;) (Revelation 17:14 These shall make war with the Lamb,
and the Lamb shall overcome them: for he is Lord of lords, and King of
kings: and they that are with him are called, and chosen, and faithful.)
Jesus said his kingdom was not of this earth. The popes used to rule the
Papal States until Italy conquered them in 1870. The pope as the Bishop of
Rome is the ruler of the Holy See which consists of Vatican City and some
small areas around Rome. The Holy See is administered by the Roman Curia
(Latin for Roman Court), which is the central government of the Catholic
Church. The pope controls great wealth through the Roman Catholic Church
and wears fancy garments and has fancy ceremonies. Jesus had no place to
rest, was poor, and lived a very simple life and walked everywhere he
went. Jesus dressed simple like the people of his day as well as the poor
man he was. Jesus served the multitudes, while the pope has servants for
that. Jesus used his own name yet popes take on a regal name. Why is that?
Jesus was hated by most men while the pope is loved by nearly everyone,
Roman Catholic or not. Roman Catholic bibles that have a list of the popes
always list the current pope as "now reigning". This shows he is ruler of
the "Church", not Jesus. Jesus is the only person that should be reigning
in a person's life, not the pope.

26. Roman Catholic bishops are also vicars and legates (ambassadors) of
Christ:

["The bishops, as vicars and legates of Christ, govern the particular
Churches assigned to them by their counsels, exhortations, and example,
but over and above that also by the authority and sacred power" which
indeed they ought to exercise so as to edify, in the spirit of service
which is that of their Master.] (Page 236, 894)

As was seen with the pope who is supposed to be the "Vicar of
Christ", Jesus left the Holy Ghost for us, not bishops. As with the pope
why are the bishops all dressed up fancy, when Jesus was simple?

27. Blasphemous titles of the pope and priests. The pope is referred to as
"Holy Father". This is pure blasphemy as only God the Father is Holy
Father. There is nothing holy about the pope. Holy means set apart for God
without defilement. The pope may think he is being set apart for God, but
he is defiled by idol worship and other unscriptural acts. Jesus said in
(John 17:11 And now I am no more in the world, but these are in the world,
and I come to thee. Holy Father, keep through thine own name those whom
thou hast given me, that they may be one, as we are.) The only time in
scripture when Holy Father is used, it is used by Jesus to refer to God
the Father, not the pope. The Catholic Dictionary for the definition of
Holy Father only says it is a title of the pope and never has a second
definition of God the Father. This shows how the "Church" truly feels
about the pope and God. Priests are referred to as "Father" and the word
pope means "father", from the Latin papa.  We only have one heavenly
Father and Jesus said in (Matthew 23:9 And call no man your father upon
the earth: for one is your Father, which is in heaven.) The pope as "Vicar
of Christ" was discussed earlier. The pope is not the substitute of Jesus.
He is the substitute of Satan. The pope is referred to as "His Holiness".
Holiness is from God, not the pope. God's name is holy, not the popes.
(Psalm 47:8 God reigneth over the heathen: God sitteth upon the throne of
his holiness.) (Psalm 111:9 He sent redemption unto his people: he hath
commanded his covenant for ever: holy and reverend is his name.) In the
1500's the pope had the title of "Our Lord God the Pope". The pope never
refused to be called this. This is pure blasphemy and heresy saying you
are God. The pope is just a man, though Roman Catholics treat him as God.
I have heard Roman Catholics who have seen the pope say it was as though
they were "looking at God himself." Though not blasphemous, the pope is
called the "Successor of the Prince of the Apostles" as they believe the
pope is the direct successor all the way back to the "first pope", the
apostle Peter. Peter was not the first pope and there is no proof
historically or in the Holy Bible that Peter even ever went to Rome. Peter
also could not have been the first pope as the Roman Catholic Church did
not get started until much later and the title of pope came much later
after the death of Peter. This title for the pope is just another way
Roman Catholicism spreads lies. The pope is a mere man and must be treated
as one. He should be prayed for that he will be truly saved and repent of
his connection to the "Church." Another title is "Summus Pontifex" which
means "highest pontiff or highest bishop or highest priest". This is
another way to steal glory from Jesus. Jesus is our High Priest and of the
church, not the pope. (Hebrews 3:1 Wherefore, holy brethren, partakers of
the heavenly calling, consider the Apostle and High Priest of our
profession, Christ Jesus;) The pope has other titles as well.

The pope is said to be the Bishop of bishops. This is another
blasphemous title as the pope tries to steal from God. Jesus is the Bishop
of the church, not the pope. (I Peter 2:25 For ye were as sheep going
astray; but are now returned unto the Shepherd and Bishop of your souls.)
Peter himself, the alleged first pope, inspired by the Holy Ghost, said
Jesus is the Bishop of the church, not himself or any pope. Believe Peter
and God's word, not the pope.

Some of the titles for the pope come from the caesars of Rome such as
Pontifex Maximus (means greatest priest) which was the title given to the
caesars and their duties as priests. Another is Romanus Pontifex which
means Roman Pontiff. Pontiff was the title of the heathen high priest of
Rome under the caesars.

Priests are referred to as Reverend with bishops as Most Reverend or
Right Reverend depending on the nation. Psalm 111:9 as shown already says
God's name is reverend, not any priest or bishop's name.

28. Infant Baptism.  [Born with a fallen human nature and tainted by
original sin, children also have need of the new birth in Baptism to be
freed from the power of darkness and brought into the realm of the freedom
of the children of God, to which all men are called. The sheer
gratuitousness of the grace of salvation is particularly manifest in
infant Baptism. The Church and the parents would deny a child the
priceless grace of becoming a child of God were they not to confer Baptism
shortly after birth.] (Page 319, 1250)

[The practice of infant Baptism is an immemorial tradition of the Church.
There is explicit testimony to this practice from the second century on,
and it is quite possible that, from the beginning of the apostolic
preaching, when whole "households" received baptism, infants may also have
been baptized.] (Page 319, 1252) Jesus said in (Mark 16:16 He that
believeth and is baptized shall be saved; but he that believeth not shall
be damned.) This verse clearly shows infant baptism is wrong. One must
believe before being baptized and an infant is clearly not old enough to
believe scripturally on Jesus. In scripture only those old enough to
understand and truly be saved were baptized. All examples were adults
including Jesus. All were saved first and then baptized by immersion.
Baptism does not save a person. Every example of baptism in scripture
including our Lord Jesus Christ was done by immersion to adults after they
were saved, not to save them. (Matthew 3:16 And Jesus, when he was
baptized, went up straightway out of the water: and, lo, the heavens were
opened unto him, and he saw the Spirit of God descending like a dove, and
lighting upon him:) To come up out of the water you had to be under the
water. This shows baptism must be by immersion. Roman Catholic bibles
remove Acts 8:37 to support infant baptism. It says (And Philip said, If
thou believest with all thine heart, thou mayest. And he answered and
said, I believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of God.) It clearly shows you
need to believe in thine heart that Jesus is God which an infant cannot
do.

29. Only the Roman Catholic Church and her leaders can interpret scripture
["The task of giving an authentic interpretation of the Word of God,
whether in its written form or in the form of Tradition, has been
entrusted to the living, teaching office of the Church alone. Its
authority in this matter is exercised in the name of Jesus Christ." This
means that the task of interpretation has been entrusted to the bishops in
communion with the successor of Peter, the Bishop of Rome.] (Page 27, 85)
[The task of interpreting the Word of God authentically has been entrusted
solely to the Magisterium of the Church, that is, to the Pope and to the
bishops in communion with him.] (Page 30, 100) ["It is the task of
exegetes to work, according to these rules, toward a better understanding
and explanation of the meaning of Sacred Scripture in order that their
research may help the Church to form a firmer judgment. For, of course,
all that has been said about the manner of interpreting Scripture is
ultimately subject to the judgment of the Church which exercises the
divinely conferred commission and ministry of watching over and
interpreting the Word of God."

But I would not believe in the Gospel, had not authority of the Catholic
Church already moved me.] (Pages 33-34, 119)

Notice in CCC 119 that the "Church" leaders are saying they would not
even believe the gospel if the "Church" leaders had not moved them. The
Holy Ghost moves us to believe the gospel, not "Church" leaders, which is
why the "Church" leadership does not believe the true gospel, nor does she
teach it. 

This clearly shows that only the pope (Bishop of Rome) and bishops
and they say the priests can understand scripture (usually not even the
priests can either according to the bishops). This is once again to
maintain control over the people to try and prevent them from reading
scripture and finding out the truth. This is also an ego issue where they
think they are smarter than the laity Roman Catholic and closer to God as
his chosen. For most of the Roman Catholic Church's history she forbad her
people from reading scripture and from owning a bible and for a long time
it was still in Latin even when no one spoke or read Latin anymore. What
true Christian Church would deny her people the word of God? The Holy
Ghost wrote and interprets scripture, not the Roman Catholic Church and
will help any Christian understand scripture that prays and asks him. A
person does not have to go to a bishop or the pope for interpretation.
Priests who have been saved said that they never read or had access to a
bible while in seminary for many years. How is a priest supposed to teach
scripture if he does not know it himself? No true church would fail to
teach the word of God and would say only the church leaders can understand
it. ". (II Peter 1:20-21 20 Knowing this first, that no prophecy of the
scripture is of any private interpretation.
21 For the prophecy came not in old time by the will of man: but holy men
of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost.) We are told to study
scripture, not go to a priest. (II Timothy 2:15 Study to shew thyself
approved unto God, a workman that needeth not to be ashamed, rightly
dividing the word of truth.) The Bereans searched the scriptures. (Acts
17:11 These were more noble than those in Thessalonica, in that they
received the word with all readiness of mind, and searched the scriptures
daily, whether those things were so.) Roman Catholics need to search
scripture as well and you will see the "Church" is false. Jesus condemned
the Jewish leaders for not knowing scripture. Tradition was more important
to them just as in Roman Catholicism. Jesus said in (John 5:39 ¶ Search
the scriptures; for in them ye think ye have eternal life: and they are
they which testify of me.) Jesus himself said to search the scriptures
ourselves and not go to "Church" leaders. The RCC does not want her people
to read scripture or they will find out the truth and leave the "Church".
Many already have.

30. Purgatory. Purgatory is the place where it is said that most Roman
Catholics go after they die to finish being purified so they can go to
heaven. They are supposedly purified of their venial sins. A few will
supposedly go straight to heaven, but one cannot assume they will be one
of them or according to the "Church" they are guilty of the sin of
presumption. Even the pope does not know if he will have to go to
purgatory or not. If even the alleged "infallible" leader of all Roman
Catholics cannot be assured of going directly to heaven, what hope does a
lay (average) Roman Catholic have? Trust scripture and not the Roman
Catholic Church. Purgatory is nothing more than what scripture calls hell
and no one gets out.

[All who die in God's grace and friendship, but still imperfectly
purified, are indeed assured of their eternal salvation; but after death
they undergo purification, so as to achieve the holiness necessary to
enter the joy of heaven.] (Page 268, 1030)

[The Church gives the name Purgatory to this final purification of the
elect, which is entirely different from the punishment of the damned. The
Church formulated her doctrine of faith on Purgatory especially at the
Councils of Florence and Trent. The tradition of the Church, by reference
to certain texts of Scripture, speaks of a cleansing fire:

As for certain lesser faults, we must believe that, before the Final
Judgment, there is a purifying fire. He who is truth says that whoever
utters blasphemy against the Holy Spirit will be pardoned neither in this
age nor in the age to come. From this sentence we understand that certain
offenses can be forgiven in this age, but certain others in the age to
come.] (Pages 268-269, 1031)

[If anyone says that after the grace of justification has been received,
to every penitent sinner the guilt is remitted and the debt for eternal
punishment is blotted out, and that there remains no further debt of
temporal punishment to be discharged either in this world or in the next,
in Purgatory, before the entrance to the kingdom of heaven can be opened
to him; let him be anathema.] (Council of Trent, Sixth Session, Canon 30)

The Roman Catholic Church admits that purgatory is not in scripture,
but is something they made up at the Councils of Florence (1431-1449) and
Trent (1563). The Council of Trent said that anyone who denied purgatory
was to be anathema. In the eyes of a Roman Catholic this meant eternity in
hell. This shows how the "Church" controls her people with threats to
anyone who deny her false doctrines. The need for one to be in "purifying
fire" is found nowhere in scripture. The "Church" is again adding to
scripture. Who will you trust? The word of God preserved in the King James
Bible or the Roman Catholic Church and her false leaders.    

The Roman Catholic Church connects purgatory with another false
doctrine of praying for the dead so they can award indulgences (another
false doctrine) and keep control on Roman Catholics. Keeping control and
fear is how all cults work in order to keep their members in line and keep
them from leaving and getting the truth.

There is no scripture to back up purgatory. The RCC gets the idea of
purgatory from the apocryphal book of II Maccabees. When one dies they
either go immediately to heaven for those who are truly saved or
immediately to hell for those who have rejected Jesus as their Saviour.
(II Corinthians 5:8 We are confident, I say, and willing rather to be
absent from the body, and to be present with the Lord.) (Luke 16:22-23 22
And it came to pass, that the beggar died, and was carried by the angels
into Abraham's bosom: the rich man also died, and was buried;
23 And in hell he lift up his eyes, being in torments, and seeth Abraham
afar off, and Lazarus in his bosom.) We see both Lazarus and the rich man
went immediately to paradise (now heaven) and the rich man to hell.
Neither went to purgatory first.

John 5:24 clearly shows there is no purgatory that a saved Christian
must go to before reaching heaven. Jesus says there is no condemnation for
those who believe on him. Condemnation means a punishment such as
purgatory. (John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my
word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall
not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.)

31. Sin of Presumption. The sin of presumption is when a Roman Catholic
says and assumes they will skip purgatory and go directly to heaven after
they die. Even the pope is not assured of going to heaven. The Roman
Catholic Church does not want you to know that you can know that you are
going to heaven because if you know you are, you no longer need the
"Church" and will not pay to get a love one out of purgatory or perform
the "works" of the "Church".

[There are two kinds of presumption. Either man presumes upon his own
capacities, (hoping to be able to save himself without help from on high),
or he presumes upon God's almighty power or his mercy (hoping to obtain
his forgiveness without conversion and glory without merit).] (Page 507,
2092)

(John 18:9 That the saying might be fulfilled, which he spake, Of them
which thou gavest me have I lost none.) John 18:9 is Jesus saying he lost
none that were given to him by the Father and Jesus will not lose you to
Satan either if you call upon him to be saved. Peter, the "first pope",
knew he was going to heaven as told to him by Jesus. (John 13:36 ¶ Simon
Peter said unto him, Lord, whither goest thou? Jesus answered him, Whither
I go, thou canst not follow me now; but thou shalt follow me afterwards.)
Jesus had been talking of his death and resurrection and returning to the
Father in heaven, therefore Peter knew Jesus was referring to going to
heaven. Jesus also told all of the apostles with the exception of the
traitor Judas Iscariot, that they would judge the twelve tribes in his
future kingdom here on earth. Daniel knew he was assured of heaven when he
was told he would stand in thy lot at the end of days. (Daniel 12:13 But
go thou thy way till the end be: for thou shalt rest, and stand in thy lot
at the end of the days.)

Would God, who loves precious Roman Catholic souls and all people,
want them to live all their life not knowing if they were going to heaven
or hell? Scripture tells us one can know if they are saved or not and if
saved knowing they are going to heaven. (I John 5:13 These things have I
written unto you that believe on the name of the Son of God; that ye may
know that ye have eternal life, and that ye may believe on the name of the
Son of God.) Call upon Jesus now to be assured of going to heaven and not
worrying about going to purgatory which is none other than hell itself.

32. Salvation is only through continual good works. [ ... by the bonds
constituted by the profession of faith, the sacraments, ecclesiastical
government, and communion - are joined in the visible structure of the
Church of Christ, who rules her through the Supreme Pontiff and the
bishops. Even though incorporated into the Church, one who does not
however persevere in charity is not saved. He remains indeed in the bosom
of the Church, but 'in body' not 'in heart.'"] (Page 222, 837)

Notice how one must believe and obey all the sacraments,
ecclesiastical government, and communion and also must persevere in
charity or they are not saved. "Good works" according to the RCC are not
the same as good works in God's eyes.

[The authority of the Magisterium extends also to the specific precepts of
the natural law, because their observance, demanded by the Creator, is
necessary for salvation. ...] (Page 492, 2036) [The Council of Trent teaches
that the Ten Commandments are obligatory for Christians and that the
justified man is still bound to keep them; The Second Vatican Council
confirms: "The bishops, successors of the apostles, receive from the Lord
. . . the mission of teaching all peoples, and of preaching the Gospel to

every creature, so that all men may attain salvation through faith,
Baptism and the observance of the Commandments."] (Page 502, 2068) CCC
2068 clearly shows you must do works of keeping the ten commandments in
order for eternal life. Scripture contradicts this and says our works will
never get us to heaven. One can only get there by the blood of Jesus. A
person should try to always obey the ten commandments, but no one is able
to never break the ten commandments and this is why Jesus came to die for
us and atone for us as he knew that. The ten commandments were meant to
show us that we are sinners in need of a Saviour.

The Pharisees were the most religious and "righteous" people in
scripture, yet Jesus condemned their works and for being religious and
thinking they were good enough to go to heaven. If Jesus condemned the
Pharisees, why would he think any different about Roman Catholics who do
the same thing by thinking their good works and being religious will save
them?

Jesus said in (Matthew 23:5 But all their works they do for to be
seen of men: they make broad their phylacteries, and enlarge the borders
of their garments,). Jesus was referring to the scribes and Pharisees, but
this verse equally applies to Roman Catholics. Works done by an unsaved
person or even a saved person for the wrong reasons (to be seen of men),
will be burnt up and account for nothing before Jesus. Roman Catholics do
works for salvation and to try and lesson the time for themselves or
another person in purgatory. Both of these things are against what
scripture says. Jesus did the work for us on the cross and the Roman
Catholic does not need to work for salvation, but just repent and call
upon Jesus to save them.

Salvation is only by faith in Jesus alone (sola fide) and does not
include works as the "Church" requires. The "Church" at the Council of
Trent said anyone who believed this would be anathema (excommunicated and
on their way to hell when they died). (If anyone says that the sinner is
justified by faith alone, meaning that nothing else is required to
cooperate in order to obtain the grace of justification, and that it is
not in any way necessary that he be prepared and disposed by the action of
his own will, let him be anathema. [Council of Trent, Canon IX]) The
"Church" approved of everything at the Council of Trent at Vatican II and
still believes this today, though she hides it to push for ecumenicalism.

If a person can be saved by their works, then there was no need for
Jesus to die on the cross for us, shed his blood for us and rise again on
the third day. Jesus' death would have been in vain if works can save us.
(I Corinthians 15:17 And if Christ be not raised, your faith is vain; ye
are yet in your sins.) (Galatians 2:21 I do not frustrate the grace of
God: for if righteousness come by the law, then Christ is dead in vain.)
Galatians clearly shows that obeying the law (works) is vain. Only the
resurrection of Jesus will save someone. (Hebrews 11:6 But without
faith it is impossible to please him: for he that cometh to God must
believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek
him.) Hebrews 11:6 shows it is faith that pleases God and saves a person,
not good works done for the Roman Catholic Church.

Jesus offered the free gift of himself that no matter how poor you
are or how little good works you have done, everyone who accepts it can
have it. It is not a free gift if you must work for it or give money for
it through indulgences or other reasons the "Church" seems fit. It is only
a gift if you are willing to receive it. This free gift is a pardon of
your sins, but you must accept it.

(Ephesians 2:8-9 8 For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that
not of yourselves: it is the gift of God:
9 Not of works, lest any man should boast.) The gift of God is Jesus.
(Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of
God.) Romans 10:17 shows why everyone needs to be in a church that
preaches God's word with a King James Bible and how everyone must read
their King James Bible every day. [Ephesians 2:5 Even when we were dead in
sins, hath quickened us together with Christ, (by grace ye are saved;)]
(Titus 3:5 Not by works of righteousness which we have done, but according
to his mercy he saved us, by the washing of regeneration, and renewing of
the Holy Ghost;) (Romans 3:28 Therefore we conclude that a man is
justified by faith without the deeds of the law.) Paul says in Romans that
none doeth good. No one can do good enough works to make it to heaven.
(Romans 3:12 They are all gone out of the way, they are together become
unprofitable; there is none that doeth good, no, not one.) Romans 3:12
shows how no one does good in God's eyes even if we think we are doing
good works for him. This shows a person can never do anything good enough
to save themselves. Romans 4:5 shows we need not work, but believe by
faith. (Romans 4:5 But to him that worketh not, but believeth on him that
justifieth the ungodly, his faith is counted for righteousness.)

33. Roman Catholics need to confess their sins to a priest. A Roman
Catholic is expected to go to a priest at least once a year and confess
their "serious" sins. This is known as auricular confession. Auricular
means audible and means a Roman Catholic must confess their sins verbally
to a priest so that he can hear them. How can anyone possibly remember all
of their sins for the past year, meaning some are left unconfessed? This
practice is unscriptural. A true born again believer who is a child of God
is a priest and therefore all true believers can go directly to God. We
pray and ask things from God the Father in Jesus' name, but we can pray to
God anywhere and at any time. One does not need to go to a priest to ask
for forgiveness as only Jesus can forgive our sins. We are never told to
confess our sins to another person, only our faults. We confess our sins
to Jesus. (James 5:16 Confess your faults one to another, and pray one for
another, that ye may be healed. The effectual fervent prayer of a
righteous man availeth much.) The false, corrupted Roman Catholic bibles
change faults to sin in James to justify her doctrine of confessing ones
sins to a priest. To get right with God, we need to confess all of our
sins to God, not a priest and one should name them as much as they can
remember. One should try to confess them shortly after committing them so
as to remember them and to get right with God. When one truly confesses
their sins to God, they are acknowledging and agreeing with God that they
are sins and that they should not be repeating them. Roman Catholics often
feel that once they have confessed their sins to a priest and had their
sins forgiven (or so they think), then they are free to sin again the same
sin and they can just keep confessing the sin to a priest. God and
scripture says otherwise. (Romans 6:15 What then? shall we sin, because we
are not under the law, but under grace? God forbid.)

This practice of confessing sins to a male priest can be extremely
uncomfortable for females who often have to tell him details that no man
who is not her husband should hear, especially when the priests are all
unmarried and often times young males and some things only God himself
should hear and not even her husband. She needs to bring these sins
directly to God and skip man. Priests are supposed to keep everything they
are told during confession in complete confidence and it is to be told to
no one. Priests are men and sinners as all people are and you know this
has not and is not always the case. Priests also may get sexually aroused
from things they hear and then commit sinful acts which would probably not
been committed if not for the confessional. Confession not only destroys
the one confessing, but also the priests.

[One who desires to obtain reconciliation with God and with the Church,
must confess to a priest all the unconfessed grave sins he remembers after
having carefully examined his conscience. The confession of venial faults,
without being necessary in itself, is nevertheless strongly recommended by
the Church.] (Page 374, 1493) [Only priests who have received the faculty
of absolving from the authority of the Church can forgive sins in the name
of Christ.] (Page 374, 1495) [Individual and integral confession of grave
sins followed by absolution remains the only ordinary means of
reconciliation with God and with the Church.] (Page 374, 1497) [...Children
must go to the sacrament of Penance before receiving Holy Communion for
the first time."] (Pages 365-366, 1457) [All the faithful who have reached
the age of discretion are bound faithfully to confess their grave sins at
least once a year.] (Page 178, CIC 989)

Roman Catholics are bound to go to a priest and confess their sins.
Again we see how the Roman Catholic Church tries to maintain control over
individual Roman Catholics. The "Church" is right in saying they have
bound Roman Catholics. The leaders of the "Church" keep Roman Catholics in
bondage to the "Church" and bondage from the truth by scare tactics.

It is known as absolution when a priest supposedly forgives and
pardons a Roman Catholic's (the penitent) sins during penance. How can a
priest who is a sinner himself forgive anyone? (I Timothy 2:5 For there is
one God, and one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus;) This
verse shows you go to God the Father through Jesus, not a priest.

34. Penance. Penance is when a Roman Catholic must go to a priest and
confess their sins to him and have the priest supposedly forgive them of
their sins. This is known as absolution. It also includes doing work to
make sure their sins are forgiven. The works may include such things as
prayer, praying the Rosary, helping a neighbor, works of mercy,
sacrifices, et cetera. This is why Roman Catholics often do many good
works in helping the poor and other charities. Those are good things that
anyone who is a true Christian ought to do as well, but they should do
them because they are a Christian and God commands us to help others, but
not because they will help us have our sins forgiven or to think we get
"brownie" points with God. Penance is another unscriptural manmade
doctrine of the Roman Catholic Church. The sacrament of Penance as all of
the "Church" sacraments is needed for salvation for a Roman Catholic. We
only need to call upon Jesus for salvation, no works are needed. [It is
through the sacrament of Penance that the baptized can be reconciled with
God and with the Church:

Penance has rightly been called by the holy Fathers "a laborious kind of
baptism." This sacrament of Penance is necessary for salvation for those
who have fallen after Baptism, just as Baptism is necessary for salvation
for those who have not yet been reborn.] (Page 255, 980)

Jesus was accused of blasphemy by the Pharisees because he forgave
sin and they said only God can forgive sins. They were right in that only
God can forgive sins, they just did not realize Jesus is God. The
Pharisees never told anyone to go to a priest and confess their sins so
the priest could forgive them. If the Pharisees knew scripture well enough
to know that only God can forgive sins, then why do not the priests and
"Church" leaders? (Luke 5:21 And the scribes and the Pharisees began to
reason, saying, Who is this which speaketh blasphemies? Who can forgive
sins, but God alone?)

35. Indulgences.  Indulgences are awarded to Roman Catholics for doing
"good works" such as praying the Rosary, performing the stations of the
cross, or other such things as the "Church" decides. Indulgences are done
to supposedly shorten the time a person will spend in purgatory or done
for a person already in purgatory to shorten their time there. "Good
works" in the Roman Catholic Church's eyes always are things done for the
"Church" and not good things done for other people. This is contrary to
what scripture says. In times past and even today, the "Church" collected
money for indulgences getting rich at the expense of deceiving its
members. God condemned this in scripture when the Pharisees took money
from widows. This is exactly what the "Church" did in the past. The abuse
and selling of indulgences was what led Martin Luther to post his
Ninety-five Theses leading to the Protestant Reformation believing a Roman
Catholic would not come to true repentance since they could buy away their
sins. He was right. Jesus is speaking in all three of these verses.
(Matthew 23:14 Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye
devour widows' houses, and for a pretence make long prayer: therefore ye
shall receive the greater damnation.) Most Roman Catholic bibles remove
Matthew 23:14 to hide this verse. [The doctrine and practice of
indulgences in the Church are closely linked to the effects of the
sacrament of Penance

What is an indulgence?

"An indulgence is a remission before God of the temporal punishment due to
sins whose guilt has already been forgiven, which the faithful Christian
who is duly disposed gains under certain prescribed conditions through the
action of the Church which, as the minister of redemption, dispenses and
applies with authority the treasury of the satisfactions of Christ and the
saints."

"An indulgence is partial or plenary according as it removes either part
or all of the temporal punishment due to sin." The faithful can gain
indulgences for themselves or apply them to the dead.] (Page 370, 1471)

A Roman Catholic is never told how much their indulgence will shorten
the time in purgatory either for themselves or another person or when
enough has been done for a person in purgatory so that they may get out.
This again is done to keep you the precious Roman Catholic in bondage to
the "Church" and to keep getting more money for the "Church".  [An
indulgence is obtained through the Church who, by virtue of the power of
binding and loosing granted her by Christ Jesus, intervenes in favor of
individual Christians and opens for them the treasury of the merits of
Christ and the saints to obtain from the Father of mercies the remission
of the temporal punishments due for their sins. Thus the Church does not
want simply to come to the aid of these Christians, but also to spur them
to works of devotion, penance, and charity.] (Page 371, 1478)

The Roman Catholic Church adds works to cleanse the punishment for
your sins. Jesus paid for all of our sins on the cross and did all of the
cleansing of our sins with his shed blood.

[Since the faithful departed now being purified are also members of the
same communion of saints, one way we can help them is to obtain
indulgences for them, so that the temporal punishments due for their sins
may be remitted.] (Pages 371-372, 1479)

[Through indulgences the faithful can obtain the remission of temporal
punishment resulting from sin for themselves and also for souls in
Purgatory.] (Page 374, 1498)

We see again how the Roman Catholic Church uses tradition to keep its
parishioners in bondage to works and the "Church". The "Church" uses
indulgences as a way to scare its parishioners into believing they will go
to hell or spend a long time in purgatory if they do not keep doing
"works" for the "Church." 

Mass cards are often at Roman Catholic funerals and a person gives a
donation for the deceased person so that prayers are said at Mass for
them. Mass cards can also be used for the living to have a person prayed
for at Mass. The local church asks for a donation.  Different types of
bulas were sold to people in Spain over the years as indulgences in order
to make money.

36. Praying to the dead and for the dead. [This teaching is also based on
the practice of prayer for the dead, already mentioned in Sacred
Scripture: "Therefore [Judas Maccabeus] made atonement for the dead, that
they might be delivered from their sin." From the beginning the Church has
honored the memory of the dead and offered prayers in suffrage for them,
above all the Eucharistic sacrifice, so that, thus purified, they may
attain the beatific vision of God. The Church also commends almsgiving,
indulgences, and works of penance undertaken on behalf of the dead:

Let us help and commemorate them. If Job's sons were purified by their
father's sacrifice, why would we doubt that our offerings for the dead
bring them some consolation? Let us not hesitate to help those who have
died and to offer our prayers for them.] (Page 269, 1032)

CCC 1032 says not only to pray for the dead so they might be
delivered for their sins, but to also do almsgiving, indulgences, and
works of penance for the dead. These things are all against scripture as
you cannot help the dead. The "Church" keeps people in bondage by having
them do works not just for themselves, but even the dead. (Deuteronomy
18:10-12 10 There shall not be found among you any one that maketh his son
or his daughter to pass through the fire, or that useth divination, or an
observer of times, or an enchanter, or a witch,
11 Or a charmer, or a consulter with familiar spirits, or a wizard, or a
necromancer.
12 For all that do these things are an abomination unto the LORD: and
because of these abominations the LORD thy God doth drive them out from
before thee.) A necromancer is one who tries to communicate with the dead,
but is actually talking with devils. Necromancers are an abomination unto
the LORD. He hates them. Saul lost his life after contacting Samuel from
the dead, so what makes the RCC think it is ok to do so. This unscriptural
doctrine comes from the apocryphal book of II Maccabees.

The Roman Catholic Church teaches her people to pray to "saints" to
intercede for them. Roman Catholics pray to everyone, but God. A good
example is Roman Catholics pray to "Saint" (St.) Christopher for safety
while traveling, St. Anthony for lost articles, St. Jude for hopeless
cases and to other "saints" for other needs such as their family. Roman
Catholics need to pray to Jesus for these things, not some dead "saint".
Roman Catholics are taught to fear God that he is too unapproachable and
that is why most pray to Mary, but also pray to other dead "saints". This
shows Jesus is not the God of Roman Catholicism despite what she says.
Actions speak louder than words. A person in the RCC must be dead to be a
"saint" showing they are praying to dead people. Pope Francis tweeted a
prayer to the dead Mother Theresa on September 5, 2020. No wonder the RCC
is a mess when her leaders are lost.  

37. Statues (Idols).  [ ... Following the divinely inspired teaching of our
holy Fathers and the tradition of the Catholic Church (for we know that
this tradition comes from the Holy Spirit who dwells in her) we rightly
define with full certainty and correctness that, like the figure of the
precious and life-giving cross, venerable and holy images of our Lord and
God and Savior, Jesus Christ, our inviolate Lady, the holy Mother of God,
and the venerated angels, all the saints and the just, whether painted or
made of mosaic or another suitable material, are to be exhibited in the
holy churches of God, on sacred vessels and vestments, walls and panels,
in houses and on streets.] (Page 300, 1161)

The "Church" admits this practice of idol worship is not in
scripture, but from tradition of the "holy Fathers." Jesus said in (Mark
7:7-9 7 Howbeit in vain do they worship me, teaching for doctrines the
commandments of men.
8 For laying aside the commandment of God, ye hold the tradition of men,
as the washing of pots and cups: and many other such like things ye do.
9 And he said unto them, Full well ye reject the commandment of God, that
ye may keep your own tradition.) The "Church" has put tradition of men
ahead of God's commands. The "Church" worships idols, even though she
denies it. [Sacred images in our churches and homes are intended to awaken
and nourish our faith in the mystery of Christ. Through the icon of Christ
and his works of salvation, it is he whom we adore. Through sacred images
of the holy Mother of God, of the angels and of the saints, we venerate
the persons represented.] (Page 307, 1192)

God condemns the worship of idols including bowing down to them, or
even having any graven images. All Roman Catholic churches are required to
have a relic of some kind in the church such as a piece of a bone from a
dead "saint" which is to be displayed at the altar so they may be
venerated. Former priest Charles Barry who got saved, said on page 67 of
the book Far From Rome, Near To God he saw in Cuba heathens worshipping
idols and finally saw that Roman Catholics were no different. He asked a
heathen how he believed the idol could help him and he said the idol
cannot, but the power from heaven [devil] which it represented could. He
said this is basically the same thing Roman Catholics say about
worshipping [venerating] statues of "saints". He is right. Roman
Catholicism tries to hide her idolatry by removing the second commandment
which says not to have any or make any graven images. It is included in a
description of the first commandment which she includes it in, but not
when the ten commandments are put in a list to display. (Exodus 20:4-5 4
Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any likeness of any
thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is
in the water under the earth:
5 Thou shalt not bow down thyself to them, nor serve them: for I the LORD
thy God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the
children unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate me;) In
the Catechism or anything showing the ten commandments she pretends as if
the second commandment is part of the first and she never mentions the
part about graven images and then she moves the other nine commandments
down a number and then divides the tenth commandment into two (the ninth
and tenth) so she still has ten commandments. This is a trick of Satan and
the mark of a cult to deceive her people and condemn them to an eternity
in hell and the lake of fire.

38. Roman Catholics are Christ. [Christ and his Church thus together make
up the "whole Christ" (Christus totus). The Church is one with Christ. The
saints are acutely aware of this unity:

Let us rejoice then and give thanks that we have become not only
Christians, but Christ himself. Do you understand and grasp, brethren,
God's grace toward us? Marvel and rejoice: we have become Christ. ...] (Page
210, 795) [..."The only-begotten Son of God, wanting to make us sharers in
his divinity, assumed our nature, so that he, made man, might make men
gods."] (Page 116, 460)  Roman Catholicism as all cults says man can
become God. This has been man's desire since the garden of Eden and this
is why Eve first took of the fruit. Most lay Roman Catholics do not know
the "Church" teaches and believes this doctrine of becoming gods. But
their ignorance does not change the fact that this is what the leaders of
the "Church" believe and this is why it is in her final authority, the
Catechism. This doctrine is pure blasphemy and heresy. God shares his
glory with no one and there is only one God. At least the Mormons and
other cults admit they believe this about becoming gods. (Isaiah 42:8 I am
the LORD: that is my name: and my glory will I not give to another,
neither my praise to graven images.) This verse clearly shows that God
shares his glory with no one. (Isaiah 45:5 ¶ I am the LORD, and there is
none else, there is no God beside me: I girded thee, though thou hast not
known me:) (Isaiah 46:9 Remember the former things of old: for I am God,
and there is none else; I am God, and there is none like me,) These verses
clearly show that there is only one God, so how does the "Church" have the
arrogance to say Roman Catholics become God. (Matthew 24:5 For many shall
come in my name, saying, I am Christ; and shall deceive many.) (Matthew
24:23 Then if any man shall say unto you, Lo, here is Christ, or there;
believe it not.)

39. Last Rites. Last Rites is usually given to a Roman Catholic shortly
before their death or when they are seriously sick and could die. If one
survives, it can be administered when they are dying again. It consists of
confession, anointing of the sick, and a final Holy Communion. Last Rites
and the sacrament of the Anointing of the Sick are not the same. Anointing
of the Sick can be given to someone who is preparing for an operation or
in bad health, but not necessarily dying. Anointing of the Sick
(previously known as Extreme Unction especially when done on the dying) is
a part of Last Rites. Viaticum is the term used for giving the Eucharist
to a dying person and is part of the Last Rites.

[From ancient times in the liturgical traditions of both East and West, we
have testimonies to the practice of anointings of the sick with blessed
oil. Over the centuries the Anointing of the Sick was conferred more and
more exclusively on those at the point of death. Because of this it
received the name "Extreme Unction." Notwithstanding this evolution the
liturgy has never failed to beg the Lord that the sick person may recover
his health if it would be conducive to his salvation.] (Page 378, 1512) 
The "Church" keeps a Roman Catholic in bondage up to death. If Last Rites
is so important then why is only a priest (bishops and presbyters) allowed
to perform this sacrament? Could not God have made some emergency rule to
allow a lay member to perform it? This is another unscriptural doctrine.
This is just one final work that a Roman Catholic is to do before they
die. This also places worry on family members as they may wonder if the
individual had a "good" confession and will not end up in hell.

40. Roman Catholic Church is infallible. [The Church, the "pillar and
bulwark of the truth," "has received this solemn command of Christ from
the apostles to announce the saving truth."  "To the Church belongs the
right always and everywhere to announce moral principles, including those
pertaining to the social order, and to make judgments on any human affairs
to the extent that they are required by the fundamental rights of the
human person or the salvation of souls."] (Page 491, 2032)

[The supreme degree of participation in the authority of Christ is ensured
by the charism of infallibility. This infallibility extends as far as does
the deposit of divine Revelation; it also extends to all those elements of
doctrine, including morals, without which the saving truths of the faith
cannot be preserved, explained, or observed.] (Page 492, 2035)

[The infallibility of the Magisterium of the Pastors extends to all the
elements of doctrine, including moral doctrine, without which the saving
truths of the faith cannot be preserved, expounded, or observed.] (Page
495, 2051)

These all show how the "Church" and her leaders are supposedly
"infallible" especially in moral matters. Scripture says only God is
infallible, not people. The pope and other "Church" leaders show they are
not infallible in moral matters by bowing down to idols (statues of Mary
and others) as well as some priests having molested children and many
other actions. Pope Francis says it is not his place to judge a homosexual
person. The pope is supposed to be the "Vicar" of Christ or his substitute
on earth and speaks for him as well as being infallible in moral matters.
God's word is clear that homosexuality is an abomination unto him, so the
pope needs to make no judgment, just say what God has already said.
(Leviticus 18:22 Thou shalt not lie with mankind, as with womankind: it is
abomination.) (Leviticus 20:13 If a man also lie with mankind, as he lieth
with a woman, both of them have committed an abomination: they shall
surely be put to death; their blood shall be upon them.) The "Church"
proves she is not infallible with her many lies to her people and the
world with her false doctrines and stating they are true and her corrupt
bibles and her lies about her many sins such as her protection and support
of Nazis, killing of true Christians, starting wars, homosexuality and
murder in the "Church", and her attempts to destroy the King James Bible.
She says she is "Holy Mother Church" which is another lie. She was not the
original church, so she is not the mother. She claims she is the mother
and some of her "children" have gone astray such as Protestants and
Orthodox and need to return home to their mother. She is the mother of
some false daughters such as Islam, Communism, and Freemasonry. She claims
she is the "one true Church" which is a lie and a sign of a cult. Jesus
said in (Matthew 15:8-9 8 This people draweth nigh unto me with their
mouth, and honoureth me with their lips; but their heart is far from me.
9 But in vain they do worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments
of men.) (I Timothy 4:2 Speaking lies in hypocrisy; having their
conscience seared with a hot iron;)

41. Peter is the first pope and the rock and has the keys to heaven. Roman
Catholicism teaches that Peter was the first pope appointed by Jesus and a
direct continuous line of popes have followed Peter up to the present
pope. Apostolic succession is the belief that all of the popes came from
Peter and all of the "Church's" bishops "are successors to the Apostles by
ordination and divine right". Peter was never a pope and the Roman
Catholic Church never existed until Roman Emperor Constantine I brought
about Roman Catholicism in the A.D. 300's long after all of the apostles
were dead and other men had been ordained. Popes are unscriptural. The
"Church" also falsely teaches that Peter has the keys to heaven and can
determine who goes to heaven or hell. God in Matthew 16:19 was speaking
figuratively that Peter had the keys to heaven in the sense that all
Christians have the responsibility to tell others about Jesus and
therefore has some control over whether a person goes to heaven or hell if
they choose not to give them the gospel. Neither Peter nor anyone else has
the literal power to keep someone out of heaven. Anyone who repents of
their sins and calls upon Jesus to save them will go to heaven even if
Peter said they could not go. The decision a person makes about Jesus
determines whether they go to heaven or hell, not Peter. This false idea
by the "Church" is her way of controlling her people and to try and
pretend only she is the true "Church". If the keys to heaven were only
given to Peter, then why are the names of all twelve apostles found on the
foundation of the wall of the New Jerusalem that comes down from heaven
and not just Peter's name? (Revelation 21:14 And the wall of the city had
twelve foundations, and in them the names of the twelve apostles of the
Lamb.) [The Lord made Simon alone, whom he named Peter, the "rock" of his
Church. He gave him the keys of his Church and instituted him shepherd of
the whole flock. "The office of binding and loosing which was given to
Peter was also assigned to the college of apostles united to its
head."This pastoral office of Peter and the other apostles belongs to the
Church's very foundation and is continued by the bishops under the primacy
of the Pope.] (Page 233, 881) 

The "Church" teaches that Peter was the rock in Matthew 16:18 that
the "Church" was built upon. I have already shown how Jesus is the chief
corner stone whom the true church was built upon. Jesus is the Rock, not
Peter. (I Corinthians 10:4 And did all drink the same spiritual drink: for
they drank of that spiritual Rock that followed them: and that Rock was
Christ.) Jesus himself said that he was the rock upon which the church
would be built not Peter. The "Church" misinterprets this verse to support
her as the true "Church" and Peter as the first pope. (Ephesians 2:20 And
are built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ
himself being the chief corner stone😉 In Acts 10:25-26 it shows that Peter
refused worship and honour when Cornelius fell at his feet, yet popes
accept and expect it all the time.

42. Flagellation. The Catholic Dictionary says flagellation is when the
Roman Catholic has "willingly subjected themselves to a similar beating
(referring to the scourging of Jesus), usually self-imposed
(self-flagellation), but also inflicted by others with the individual's
consent. Flagellation is considered an extreme form of ascetical piety".
Self-flagellation is a form of penance that was very common among Roman
Catholics in the early days and still survives today, though not as
common. The Roman Catholics of the Philippines still often practice this
today. Nuns in convents were often taught to beat themselves daily for
Jesus as a form of penance. "The late Pope John Paul II would whip
himself, according to a nun who helped to look after him." ""We would hear
the sound of the blows," says Sister Tobiana Sobodka, who was in the next
room to Pope John Paul II at his summer residence in Castel Gandolfo, near
Rome." The most common form of self-flagellation by Roman Catholics is to
beat themselves usually on the back with whips to inflict pain and often
draw blood to let out their sins. Roman Catholics in the Philippines will
walk long distances on their knees suffering great pain. God (Jesus) did
the work for us on the cross and a Roman Catholic does not need to torture
themselves to remove sin. This practice is unscriptural and God condemned
the heathen who cut themselves for their gods. (Deuteronomy 14:1
Ye are the children of the LORD your God: ye shall not cut yourselves, nor
make any baldness between your eyes for the dead.)

43. Roman Catholic Church makes saints. The RCC decides who becomes a
saint when she has a process to sainthood. Only dead Roman Catholics are
eligible. Scripture says all true Christians are saints including those
who are still alive. (Romans 16:15 Salute Philologus, and Julia, Nereus,
and his sister, and Olympas, and all the saints which are with them.)
(Acts 9:13 Then Ananias answered, Lord, I have heard by many of this man,
how much evil he hath done to thy saints at Jerusalem:) These verses
clearly show that the saints are alive. You cannot see or minister to a
dead person nor can a dead person be with you. Notice also all true born
again Christians are saints, not just a select few chosen by the "Church".
The Roman Catholic Church falsely says only a small amount of people can
become saints. They are recognized as saints only after their death and
they must have a lifetime of "good works" as well as performed at least
two confirmed "miracles" and showed "god like" qualities in their life as
well as had a "high degree of holiness". Most popes have never even been
made saints (only 81 of 266 or 30.4%), so what hope is there for the lay
Roman Catholic? The act of canonizing is unscriptural. [The witnesses who
have preceded us into the kingdom, especially those whom the Church
recognizes as saints, share in the living tradition of prayer by the
example of their lives, the transmission of their writings, and their
prayer today. They contemplate God, praise him and constantly care for
those whom they have left on earth. When they entered into the joy of
their Master, they were "put in charge of many things." Their intercession
is their most exalted service to God's plan. We can and should ask them to
intercede for us and for the whole world.] (Page 645, 2683)

44. Roman Catholic Church says there are degrees of sin:

[Sins are rightly evaluated according to their gravity. The distinction
between mortal and venial sin, already evident in Scripture, became part
of the tradition of the Church. It is corroborated by human experience.]
(Page 454, 1854) [Mortal sin destroys charity in the heart of man by a
grave violation of God's law; it turns man away from God, who is his
ultimate end and his beatitude, by preferring an inferior good to him.

Venial sin allows charity to subsist, even though it offends and wounds
it.] (Page 454, 1855) Scripture shows that God puts all sin on an equal
level and all have sinned and sin will lead to death and an eternity in
the lake of fire unless one is forgiven of their sins by Jesus when they
ask Jesus to save them. (Romans 3:23 For all have sinned, and come short
of the glory of God;) All here means all, including Mary and the pope.
(Romans 6:23 For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal
life through Jesus Christ our Lord.) Notice Romans 6:23 does not say
mortal sins is death and venial sins are not, it says sin is death and
Romans 3:23 shows all have sinned, so all will die unless they call upon
Jesus to save them.

45. Roman Catholic prayers. [Prayer cannot be reduced to the spontaneous
outpouring of interior impulse: in order to pray, one must have the will
to pray. Nor is it enough to know what the Scriptures reveal about prayer:
one must also learn how to pray. Through a living transmission (Sacred
Tradition) within "the believing and praying Church," the Holy Spirit
teaches the children of God how to pray.] (Page 637, 2650)

There are two unscriptural ideas seen in this doctrine. The "Church"
says you cannot just pray to God spontaneously. Scripture says otherwise.
Moses cried unto the LORD and he heard him. (Exodus 15:25 And he cried
unto the LORD; and the LORD shewed him a tree, which when he had cast into
the waters, the waters were made sweet: there he made for them a statute
and an ordinance, and there he proved them,) The second false thing is
that scripture cannot teach you how to pray. The "Church" says only
tradition can teach a Roman Catholic how to pray. Again scripture clearly
contradicts this. Jesus himself taught the apostles how to pray when they
asked, including Peter (supposedly the first pope) as found in Luke
11:1-4. (Luke 1:4 And it came to pass, that, as he was praying in a
certain place, when he ceased, one of his disciples said unto him, Lord,
teach us to pray, as John also taught his disciples.
2 And he said unto them, When ye pray, say, Our Father which art in
heaven, Hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done, as in
heaven, so in earth.
3 Give us day by day our daily bread.
4 And forgive us our sins; for we also forgive every one that is indebted
to us. And lead us not into temptation; but deliver us from evil.) The
Roman Catholic Church also teaches her members to pray certain prayers
over and over. These prayers are found in the Roman Missal and Breviary
that can be said during Mass. Jesus condemned this when he said in
(Matthew 6:7 But when ye pray, use not vain repetitions, as the heathen
do: for they think that they shall be heard for their much speaking.) God
wants you to pray from your heart, not just some words memorized as told
to you by the "Church." Saying "Hail Mary's" or the "Rosary" are two other
repetitious prayers and saying "Hail Mary's" calls upon Mary instead of
God again elevating her above Jesus. Roman Catholics make the sign of the
cross before and after they pray and at other times such as when they
enter or leave a church, at the start of Mass, when the name of Jesus is
taken in vain (not often as many Roman Catholics are the ones taking God's
name in vain), when passing a church since "the tabernacle of the Holy
Eucharist" is inside, or at other times.

46. Replacement theology.  Roman Catholicism teaches the false doctrine of
replacement theology also known as supersessionism which says the "Church"
has replaced Israel as God's chosen people. This doctrine states that all
future plans that had been for Israel are now for the "Church." The
"Church" says God is done with Israel with the exception if individual
Jews want to join the "Church" and be "saved." This dangerous doctrine is
why the "Church" has committed some of her sins and led to anti-Semitism
among many Roman Catholics and other denominations affected by Roman
Catholicism. Especially prior to Vatican II, Roman Catholics and
especially the priests in seminaries were taught to hate the Jews, since
they were taught the Jews crucified Jesus, when in reality we all did.
Martin Luther hated Jews since he was taught this by the "Church". (Psalm
122:6 Pray for the peace of Jerusalem: they shall prosper that love thee.)
Where in scripture does it say God is done with Israel and the Roman
Catholic Church has replaced Israel? Pray for Israel and for the people to
be saved. Footnotes in Roman Catholic bibles mention how the RCC has
replaced Israel. [...In fact, from the beginning of his ministry, the Lord
Jesus instituted the Twelve as "the seeds of the new Israel and the
beginning of the sacred hierarchy." ...] (Pages 232-233, 877)

47. Salvation for Muslims. [The Church's relationship with the Muslims.
"The plan of salvation also includes those who acknowledge the Creator, in
the first place amongst whom are the Muslims; these profess to hold the
faith of Abraham, and together with us they adore the one, merciful God,
mankind's judge on the last day."] (Page 223, 841)

Roman Catholicism says that Muslims worship the same "God" as
Christians since they hold the faith of Abraham and acknowledge the
"Creator" and thus are also saved. Muslims do not worship the same God of
Christianity. They worship Allah who is Satan. Muslims do not believe in
the Godhead (triune God of God the Father, God the Son (Jesus Christ), and
God the Holy Ghost), and deny the deity of Jesus. One can only have
salvation by Jesus, not Allah and one must believe in the deity of Jesus
which Muslims do not. Muslims themselves would tell you that Muslims and
Christians (including loosely in the term, Roman Catholics) do not worship
the same God and would accuse a Roman Catholic of blasphemy. They are
right. In reality both do worship the same god in Satan. Roman Catholics
are guilty of blasphemy. If Muslims are saved, then there is no need to
have them become Roman Catholics. The pope has met with many Muslim
leaders to try and bring about ecumenism which is against God's command.
There are pictures of Pope John Paul II, considered a saint by the RCC
kissing the Muslims holy book, the Koran.

48. Pope says evolution is real. (There are no difficulties in explaining
the origin of man in regard to the body by means of the theory of
evolution. According to the hypothesis mentioned it is possible that the
human body, following the order impressed by the Creator on the energies
of life, could have gradually been prepared in the form of antecedent
living beings [i.e. living beings that existed prior to humanity].

John Paul II, "Humans are Spiritual and Corporeal Beings", April 16,
1986.)

Notice that Pope John Paul II also said beings existed prior to man,
the so called pre-Adamic race which is completely unscriptural and also
brings death before Adam when God said death came by Adam after he sinned.
The pre-Adamic race also brings about a false old earth. Scripture says
Adam was the first man, not people of some false pre-Adamic race or maybe
the evolutionists are referring to apes. (I Corinthians 15:45 And so it is
written, The first man Adam was made a living soul; the last
Adam was made a quickening spirit.)

49. Celibacy of priests and nuns. God does call some people to remain
unmarried such as Jeremiah and Paul, but he does not command that pastors
remain unmarried as the RCC teaches. [...Celibacy is a sign of this new life
to the service of which the Church's minister is consecrated; accepted
with a joyous heart celibacy radiantly proclaims the Reign of God.] (Page
395, 1579) (I Timothy 3:2 A bishop then must be blameless, the husband of
one wife, vigilant, sober, of good behaviour, given to hospitality, apt to
teach;) (Hebrews 13:4 Marriage is honourable in all, and the bed
undefiled: but whoremongers and adulterers God will judge.) God does not
wish for men to be alone. (Genesis 2:18 ¶ And the LORD God said, It is not
good that the man should be alone; I will make him an help meet for him.)
The first "pope" recognized by the "Church" was Peter. Scripture tells us
that he was married. He is called by his original name of Simon and was
referred sometimes as Simon Peter. (Mark 1:30 But Simon's wife's mother
lay sick of a fever, and anon they tell him of her.) I Timothy 4 speaks of
how in the latter times (of which we are living) some will forbid
marriage. This is exactly what the Roman Catholic Church is doing. (I
Timothy 4:1-3 1 Now the Spirit speaketh expressly, that in the latter
times some shall depart from the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits,
and doctrines of devils;
2 Speaking lies in hypocrisy; having their conscience seared with a hot
iron;
3 Forbidding to marry, and commanding to abstain from meats, which God
hath created to be received with thanksgiving of them which believe and
know the truth.) This verse also applies to forbidding of eating meat on
Friday's by Roman Catholics during Lent.

50. There are many other false doctrines such as saying a Roman Catholic
cannot eat meat on Fridays during Lent which itself is a manmade holiday
and not scriptural, her many made up holy days, Confirmation, religious
orders, annulment, denies the rapture and literal millennial reign of
Jesus, and many other things. RCC also denies a literal thousand year
Millennial reign by Jesus and the rapture. Denying the Millennium and
rapture does not make a cult, but does show she teaches false doctrines.
The RCC says she never changes yet has added many dogmas over the years.
She makes changes in her bibles to match and support her false doctrines.

51. She changes bible verses to match her false doctrines.

Many of the verses in Roman Catholic bibles have changes that reflect
her false doctrines. Shewbread in some bibles is changed to bread of the
Presence or loaves of proposition in order to support the "presence of
Jesus" in the Eucharist. I already mentioned how the Douay-Rheims version
changed Genesis 3:15 to have Mary crush the serpent instead of Jesus.
Saved is changed to being saved to show that a Roman Catholic must do
continuous works as a process for salvation. Many footnotes support her
false doctrines. The 1970 New American Bible uses dogma instead of
doctrine in some verses. Acts 8:37 is removed in her bibles to support
infant baptism. Some changes support the New World Order and the New Age
Movement such as the use of "the One", "the Christ", and God is Spirit
instead of the proper "God is a Spirit" in John 4:24. Other words such as
race, human, and "the Way" also support the New World Order and the New
Age Movement. Race supports evolution. She also has the mark of the beast
changed to on the right hand instead of in the right hand which could
deceive people living at that time. She makes changes such as "end of the
world" is changed to "end of the age" to support an old earth and
evolution. Isaiah 7:14 is changed in many of her bibles from "a virgin" to
"the virgin" to support Mary as a perpetual virgin and as the Virgin.
Jesus, Christ, Lord, salvation, heaven, gospel, evil, and many other words
are removed from her bibles in many places. Often times titles for Jesus
are written in lower cases denying his deity. The use of hell is removed
in most cases. Saint is often changed to holy one since only certain dead
Roman Catholics become saints in her eyes. There are many other changes.
Many verses are omitted. Lucifer is changed to morning star in Isaiah
14:12 which is a title for Jesus making it look like Jesus fell from
heaven and not Satan. Satan is often elevated in her bibles in other ways
as well. Self-flagellation is supported in some of her bibles with changes
to I Corinthians 9:27, Galatians 5:12, and Colossians 2:18, and others.
Some capitalize queen of heaven in Jeremiah to support Mary as queen of
heaven. Luke 1:28 is changed in some of her bibles from Mary being highly
favoured to full of grace just like in the Rosary. Faults is changed to
sins in James 5:16 to support confessing sins to a priest. There are many
more changes than these. Her bibles contain many contradictions not only
from the King James Bible and thus God's holy preserved word, but also
among her own bibles and sometimes within the bible itself.

52. Her many sins of the past. St. Bartholomew's Day massacre in France in
1572 was a massacre of Huguenots (Calvinist Protestants) by Roman
Catholics. From 5,000-30,000 are believed to have been massacred. This
massacre was an attempt by Roman Catholics to stop the growth of the
Huguenots and Protestants. The decapitated head of the leader was sent to
the pope, though he supposedly never received it. The pope sent the French
king a golden Rose and ordered a Te Deum (Latin hymn) to be sung at a
special thanksgiving. This was done for many years and shows the approval
of the massacres by the pope.

I have already mentioned the crusades and inquisitions. The "ratline"
is how the "Church" helped Nazis and other killers get away including the
leaders of the Croatian massacre. These people behind these atrocities
were Roman Catholics and supported by the Vatican. Hitler himself was a
Roman Catholic, as were Mussolini and Franco and none were excommunicated.
The "Church" was the one who authorized the massacre of mostly the Serbs
since they were Eastern Orthodox and the "Church" was still angry they
split from her. This is the same reason the pope ordered Hitler to attack
the Soviet Union to destroy Eastern Orthodox in that nation. The Vatican
was behind the holocaust of the Jews and others by Hitler. Hitler was
never excommunicated by the "Church". The "Church" was involved in the
Rwandan Genocide in 1994 over a 100 day period. An estimated 800,000 - 1
million Tutsis, Twa (Batwa) and moderate Hutus were killed with many being
killed by priests after they had fled to the local parish and then the
priest had the church bulldozed down with the people in them or otherwise
had them killed. Roman Catholic monks helped at least one priest escape to
Italy and changed his name to hide him from the International Criminal
Tribunal. The "Church" never condemned the massacre. Along with many
priests and bishops some nuns were also involved. Pope Francis has made an
"apology" in 2017 about the "Church's" involvement, so there is no
question she was involved.

The "Church" was behind much of the terrorism (bombings, et cetera)
and killings in Northern Ireland against Protestants. Queen Mary I of
England was a Roman Catholic who was better known as "Bloody Mary" for her
persecution of non-Roman Catholics. She had many killed. Is this what
Christians do? There are many more sins than these. This is just a small
sample. A true Christian church would not do these things.

The Roman Catholic Church started Islam to destroy the Jews and also
Freemasonry, and communism. She has been behind much evil.

53. Connection to Babylon.

Many of the things associated with Roman Catholicism are based from
the Babylonian religion. I am only going to mention a small amount of them
and briefly. The monstrance that carries the Eucharist is based off of the
Babylonian sun god Nimrod and worship of the sun. The Eucharist is placed
in the monstrance on the crescent moon which represents the moon goddess
Semiramis and the sexual union between the two which produces Tammuz or as
the Roman Catholic Church says Christ in the Eucharist. This is why Roman
Catholic Eucharist wafers have a "t" on them and why on Ash Wednesday
Roman Catholics have a "t" placed on their forehead. The Roman Catholic
Church says this represents the cross in order to cover up the true
meaning. The Eucharistic wafers will also often have the letters IHS on
them which represent the Egyptian gods of Iris, Horus, and Seth. The Roman
Catholic Church once again says this stands for the Latin words which mean
Jesus Saviour of the people, again done only to hide the true meaning. The
Eucharist is offered as cakes to the queen of heaven just as in Babylonian
days. The papal tiara or crown is based off of the Babylonian crown. The
worship of Mary is based off of goddess worship of Ishtar or Semiramis.
The title of Mary is queen of heaven which I have already talked about.
They say Jesus was born on December 25 when scripture says he was born on
the feast of tabernacles in the fall. (John 1:14 And the Word was made
flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the
only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth.) Tammuz was
supposedly born on December 25 as the sun god reborn after three days of
being dead having supposedly died on the winter solstice on December 21,
the shortest day of the year for daylight. Roman Catholic cardinals and
bishops wear robes of scarlet and purple that came from the old Roman
Empire and their heathen gods which came from the Babylonian tradition.
The whore of Babylon in Revelation 17 wears the same colors as this entire
chapter is about the Roman Catholic Church. (Revelation 17:4-6 And the
woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet colour, and decked with gold and
precious stones and pearls, having a golden cup in her hand full of
abominations and filthiness of her fornication:
5 And upon her forehead was a name written, MYSTERY, BABYLON THE GREAT,
THE MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH.
6 And I saw the woman drunken with the blood of the saints, and with the
blood of the martyrs of Jesus: and when I saw her, I wondered with great
admiration.) Many symbols in Roman Catholicism also come from the satanic
Freemasonry as well such as the obelisk in Vatican City which represents
the male body part and the union between the sun god and moon goddess as I
just mentioned. Other symbols in the Vatican are of Freemason design.
There are many other connections to Babylon, Egypt, Rome, and Freemasonry
than what I mentioned.

The very fact that the Roman Catholic Church has apologists to defend
her that she is not the whore of Babylon or other attacks against her show
she is not true Christianity. Baptists nor other true Christians do not
have to defend themselves against such accusations since they are not
accused of them since they do not apply to them.

For those who have family members, friends, coworkers, or others that
we know in the RCC system, we need to let them know the truth and get them
out before it is eternally too late. God loves precious Roman Catholic
souls as much as anyone else and wishes that all of them would call upon
him for salvation, but they must get out of Roman Catholicism. (Revelation
18:4 And I heard another voice from heaven, saying, Come out of her, my
people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of
her plagues.) (II Corinthians 6:16 And what agreement hath the temple of
God with idols? for ye are the temple of the living God; as God hath said,
I will dwell in them, and walk in them; and I will be their God, and they
shall be my people.) See What must I do to be saved (be born again), have
eternal life and go to heaven? 

54. Signs of a cult.

There are many signs of a cult that are recognized by all cult
authorities. Here are some of them and we will see how Roman Catholicism
fits the definition of a cult. Not all signs are shown. Not every cult
will fit every sign mentioned below. Roman Catholicism as the world's
largest cult and one as big as all of the rest combined naturally fits all
of the signs and marks of a cult. I have already clearly shown how Roman
Catholicism is false Christianity with all of her false doctrines that
contradict scripture and now she fits the description of a cult.

1. The leader is the ultimate authority and above the law and is
infallible. This has been shown in the pope.

2. The group suppresses criticism and one is only to read approve sources.
The Roman Catholic Church has always tried to silence her opponents and
critics and has often forbad Roman Catholics from reading the truth not
only in scripture, but in other books and sources. Roman Catholics are
very defensive to anyone who criticizes them and will try to silence them.
Baptists and true Christians do not do this.

3. Cults try to never let a member leave. The Roman Catholic Church has a
long history of doing this to her people.  

4. Cults claim to be the one true church and salvation is only by them.
Roman Catholicism says this.

5. Only the leaders of the cult can understand their literature. This is
what Roman Catholic leaders do.

6. Cults add to scripture and often have their own books. I have shown how
Roman Catholicism adds Tradition as well as books to the bible. Roman
Catholicism also has her own bibles as do the Jehovah's Witnesses. She
also has the Catechism of the Catholic Church and other books.

7. Cults subtract from scripture. Roman Catholicism removes many verses
and words from her bibles.

8. Cults use intimidation and fear for obedience. Roman Catholicism has
done this over the years threatening excommunication and other punishment.
She even has her own laws.

9. Cults are often involved in illegal activities. The Roman Catholic
Church has a history of crimes.

10. Cults always distort the gospel and add works for salvation. I have
already shown this to be true of Roman Catholicism.

11. Cults use means to deceive and control their followers. Roman
Catholicism has a history of keeping scripture from her people to deny
them the truth and then lies about it when questioned on it.

12. Cults are often legalistic on how their members must live. I have
already mentioned how Roman Catholicism has her own laws in the Code of
Canon.

13. Cults use Christian terms with different meanings than used in
scripture or in standard Christianity. Roman Catholicism uses many terms
with different meanings such as being born again.    

14. Normally have other literature, books, et cetera that are considered
equal or above scripture. Roman Catholicism has the Catechism of the
Catholic Church.

15. Jesus is replaced by someone-something else or at least very
minimized. RCC has Mary and the Eucharist Christ. She also has the pope
and minimizes Jesus by either removing his titles in her bibles or making
them lower case removing his deity.

Eastern Orthodoxy is the world's second largest cult with over 220
million followers. Many of the false doctrines are similar to Roman
Catholicism from which she came and some are going back to her. There are
some differences, but we will not be discussing those differences in this
study.  

List Of Catholic Church Cult-like Characteristics (From website How Do We
Know That Catholicism Is The World's Largest Cult - Coming In The Clouds)

1. They have an elite class of members who lead the rest and who are
claimed to never be wrong in their doctrine or practices.
2. Only the leaders are allowed to interpret the Bible for the
"underdogs" (the non-clergy).
3. The leaders have their own book of doctrine - the catechism - which is
their own "private interpretation" of the Bible.
4. The leaders say there is no salvation outside of THEIR church, rather
than no salvation outside of the Lord Jesus Christ.
5. Their leaders claim theirs is the one true Church and that all other
churches are false or inferior to theirs.
6. Their leaders claim that their Church alone can trace its roots back
to the 1st century.
7. They have a central leader here on earth who is above all other
members in rank.
8. They have an elaborate "works-based" system of salvation unique to
their particular cult.
9. Many of their religious practices have origins in pagan religions, not
Christianity.
10. Instead of being preoccupied with Jesus, they are preoccupied with
mere mortals.

Cults normally claim they go back to the apostles. Roman Catholic Church
does too.

Cult leaders get new revelations. Pope supposedly got new dogma about Mary
(Assumption of  Mary) from God in 1950.

Search for: _____________________  [ Search ]

Recent Comments

Archives

Categories

• No categories

Meta

• Log in
• Entries feed
• Comments feed
• WordPress.org

Created my free logo at LogoMakr.com

Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Copyright (c) 2024 Jesus is God and Lord Ministries | Credits
Powered by Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

