Link: profile
Link: dns-prefetch
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Feed (alternate)
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Comments Feed (alternate)
Link: preconnect
Link: preconnect
Link: https://api.w.org/
Link: alternate
Link: RSD (EditURI)
Link: canonical
Link: shortlink
Link: alternate
Link: alternate
Skip to content
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Ye Must Be Born Again

Main Menu

• HOME
• STORE
• ABOUT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD MINISTRIES
• BELIEFS
• CONTACT
• KING JAMES BIBLE TO READ AND LISTEN TO
• KING JAMES BIBLE WORDS AND PHRASES DEFINED
• WHY WE MUST BE BORN AGAIN
• WHAT MUST I DO TO BE SAVED (BE BORN AGAIN), HAVE ETERNAL LIFE AND GO
TO HEAVEN?
• NOW THAT I AM A BORN AGAIN CHRISTIAN, HOW DO I GROW (MATURE)?
• PROOF THAT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD
• SERMONS AND SCRIPTURE LESSONSMenu Toggle

• 3:16 Verses
• Abraham the obedient father and type of God the Father
• According to the word of the LORD
• Alleged Contradictions in Scripture
• Angels and spiritual beings
• Animals Teaching Man  
• Be like Jesus
• Be Thankful
• Bread in Scripture
• Christian Martyrs for Jesus
• Colors in Scripture
• Curse Israel and you will be cursed
• Dangers of Calvinism
• Deadliest battles in scripture
• Deserts in scripture and in our lives
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism
• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freedom and Liberty come from God
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise
• From the resurrection to the ascension
• Genealogies of Jesus
• Gifts of the Holy Ghost
• God is Light
• God is Love
• God the Holy Ghost
• Halloween and the connection to Satan
• Honour Thy Mother
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus is the door that all must enter for everlasting life
• Jesus is the Light of the World and Christians Should Reflect
that Light
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jesus versus Mohammad
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Jonah
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Jude
• Malachi   
• Martyrs in the Lord's Army
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Nahum
• Nehemiah 3 and the ten gates of the Jerusalem wall
• Obadiah
• Our Nation Was Founded Upon God
• Philemon
• Prayer
• Pre-incarnate Appearances of Jesus (Theophanies)
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Proof that Jesus is God
• Prophecies Fulfilled by Jesus at his First Coming
• Prophecies of the Second Coming of Jesus
• Psalm 23
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines
• Santa is Satan and his little elves are devils
• Serve in the Lord's Army
• Seven Vial Judgments of Revelation
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  
• Star of Bethlehem
• Thankful people in scripture  
• The Battle of Gog and Magog
• The Books of God
• The Crucifixion of Jesus
• The Egyptian gods and goddesses of the ten plagues and their
judgment and defeat by the God of gods
• The Exodus   
• The Good Samaritan
• The Gospel in Stone
• The Gospel in the Stars
• The Greatest Father Anyone Can Have And Everyone Needs
• The Handwriting of God
• The Illegal Trial of Jesus
• The King James Bible Built-in Dictionary
• The Miracles at the Crucifixion of Jesus
• The New Year's resolutions that need to be kept
• The Number Seven in Scripture
• The Number Three in Scripture  
• The Riotous Son
• The True Creationism of the Scriptures versus False Theories
• The Unscriptural Flat Earth Theory
• The Unscriptural Lucifer Flood  
• The Widow Woman and the Oil  
• The Word Became Flesh
• Types of the Holy Ghost in scripture
• Was Jesus born on Christmas?
• Was Jesus Crucified on Friday?
• Water in Scripture
• Weather in scripture
• Who are the sons of God of Genesis 6?
• Work is from God
• Worshipping God in psalms, hymns, and spiritual songs
• Zephaniah

• VIDEOS
• HYMNS
• FOR PRECIOUS JEWISH SOULSMenu Toggle

• Meet the Jewish Messiah
• False Religion of Judaism
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  

• FOR PRECIOUS ROMAN CATHOLIC SOULSMenu Toggle

• False Doctrines of Roman Catholicism
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• CULTSMenu Toggle

• Roman CatholicismMenu Toggle

• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism

• FALSE RELIGIONSMenu Toggle

• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise

• RECOMMENDED BOOKS FOR READING
• LINKS
• CHECKOUT
• New items are available in the store for purchase.

0

Angels and spiritual beings

Angels are spiritual beings created by God. (Psalm 148:2 Praise ye
him, all his angels: praise ye him, all his hosts.) (Psalm 148:5 Let them
praise the name of the LORD: for he commanded, and they were created.)
There are many types of spiritual beings though they are all usually
referred to as angels. Some angels are loyal to God and some are loyal to
Satan. Both God's and Satan's angels are ranked in a military hierarchy
with some being more powerful than others. Some angels are warriors and
some are messengers. Angels are invisible creatures that live in the
spiritual realm. God only allows angels to be seen at certain times.
Angels live in the real world, not us.  

Scripture does not say when God created angels. It does say God
breathed them into existence. (Psalm 33:6 By the word of the LORD were the
heavens made; and all the host of them by the breath of his mouth.) The
host is the angels. Many theologians believe that God created angels prior
to the six days of creation and that Satan ruled the world and then God
destroyed it and started over again. This is known as the Lucifer flood.
No scripture backs that up. I disagree and believe that angels were
created during the six days of creation. God said he made everything in
these six days and everything would include angels. (Exodus 20:11 For in
six days the LORD made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is,
and rested the seventh day: wherefore the LORD blessed the sabbath day,
and hallowed it.) These same theologians say that angels were here before
the foundations of the earth so they had to be created before the six
days. This also is not true. The earth was originally covered by water and
then on day three God let the dry land appear so this would be the
foundations of the earth most likely. Angels may have been made on day 1
or 2 then to see day three. (Job 38:4-7 Where wast thou when I laid the
foundations of the earth? declare, if thou hast understanding.
5 Who hath laid the measures thereof, if thou knowest? or who hath
stretched the line upon it?
6 Whereupon are the foundations thereof fastened? or who laid the corner
stone thereof;
7 When the morning stars sang together, and all the sons of God shouted
for joy?) The morning stars and sons of God refer to angels. It is also
possible that angels were created on day four when the stars were created
as angels are often compared to stars. (Genesis 1:16 And God made two
great lights; the greater light to rule the day, and the lesser light to
rule the night: he made the stars also.) (Genesis 1:19 And the evening and
the morning were the fourth day.) I just read in Job 38:7 where angels are
referred to as morning stars. (Revelation 1:20 The mystery of the seven
stars which thou sawest in my right hand, and the seven golden
candlesticks. The seven stars are the angels of the seven churches: and
the seven candlesticks which thou sawest are the seven churches.) Another
example is seen in Isaiah 14:13 when Lucifer fell and became Satan he said
he would exult himself above the stars of God. This refers to angels, not
actual stars. (Isaiah 14:13 For thou hast said in thine heart, I will
ascend into heaven, I will exalt my throne above the stars of God: I will
sit also upon the mount of the congregation, in the sides of the north:)
Some other verses comparing angels to stars are Revelation 9:1 and
Revelation 12:4. Angels could not have been created long before the six
days of creation with Satan already have fallen because God said all of
his creation was very good after day six and if sin was already here from
Satan, it would not be very good. (Genesis 1:31 And God saw every thing
that he had made, and, behold, it was very good. And the evening and the
morning were the sixth day.) One thing many theologians do to justify
their belief of Satan having been here on earth and God destroying it and
then remaking it during the six days is by saying the terms create and
made are not the same. They are the same and this is seen in verses that
say man was created and also made.

The sons of God mentioned in the old testament in Genesis 6 and in
Job always refer to angels. In the new testament, sons of God refers to
true Christians.

All angels were created at the same time and no more have been made
since. Scripture never says how many angels there are, but Jesus could
have called on twelve legions or twenty four thousand when he was getting
ready to be crucified. (Matthew 26:53 Thinkest thou that I cannot now pray
to my Father, and he shall presently give me more than twelve legions of
angels?) (Revelation 5:11 And I beheld, and I heard the voice of many
angels round about the throne and the beasts and the elders: and the
number of them was ten thousand times ten thousand, and thousands of
thousands;) There are many, many angels well in the trillions or more as
Revelation 5:11 shows there are more angels than we can count. This also
shows that Satan has plenty of angels as well. Angels never die as they
are eternal beings. There are no baby angels and all angels are male.
Every mention of angels in scripture is in the male reference so when
churches have girls playing angels in plays this is unscriptural. Angels
of God in heaven do not marry. (Matthew 22:30 For in the resurrection they
neither marry, nor are given in marriage, but are as the angels of God in
heaven.) Some of Satan's angels did marry women and produced the giants as
we saw in our study on Genesis 6. (Genesis 6:2-4 That the sons of God saw
the daughters of men that they were fair; and they took them wives of all
which they chose.
3 And the LORD said, My spirit shall not always strive with man, for that
he also is flesh: yet his days shall be an hundred and twenty years.
4 There were giants in the earth in those days; and also after that, when
the sons of God came in unto the daughters of men, and they
bare children to them, the same became mighty men which were of old, men
of renown.) These angels are locked up whereas the rest of Satan's angels
are free to roam and cause chaos. (Jude 6 And the angels which kept not
their first estate, but left their own habitation, he hath reserved in
everlasting chains under darkness unto the judgment of the great day.)

Many angels are chariots of God, some of which he rides around in.
Satan most likely also has angels that are chariots. I believe these
chariots are the supposed UFO's that people see. (Psalm 68:17 The chariots
of God are twenty thousand, even thousands of angels: the Lord is among
them, as in Sinai, in the holy place.) Elijah was taken up in a chariot of
fire. (II Kings 2:11 And it came to pass, as they still went on, and
talked, that, behold, there appeared a chariot of fire, and horses of
fire, and parted them both asunder; and Elijah went up by a whirlwind into
heaven.) Elisha saw chariots of fire protecting him. (II Kings 6:17 And
Elisha prayed, and said, LORD, I pray thee, open his eyes, that he may
see. And the LORD opened the eyes of the young man; and he saw: and,
behold, the mountain was full of horses and chariots of fire round about
Elisha.)

There are various classes of angels. Not much is said about most of
them. Scripture never actually says there is an angelic hierarchy or lists
one, but does mention different spiritual beings. Many theologians rank
the angels as seraphim, cherubims, thrones, dominions, virtues, powers,
principalities, archangels, and angels. This may be correct, but I tend to
differ in places. The highest are the cheribums (cherub is singular).
Satan as Lucifer was the highest angel ever created and he is a cherub.
(Ezekiel 28:14 Thou art the anointed cherub that covereth; and I have set
thee so: thou wast upon the holy mountain of God; thou hast walked up and
down in the midst of the stones of fire.) The cherubims cover God's throne
with their wings. This is replicated by the Israelites in the mercy seat
of the ark of the covenant which is a pattern of the real throne and mercy
seat in heaven. The mercy seat had a cherub on each end facing each other.
(Exodus 25:19-20 And make one cherub on the one end, and the
other cherub on the other end: even of the mercy seat shall ye make
the cherubims on the two ends thereof.
20 And the cherubims shall stretch forth their wings on high, covering the
mercy seat with their wings, and their faces shall look one to another;
toward the mercy seat shall the faces of the cherubims be.) Cherubims have
four wings and four faces. (Ezekiel 10:20 Every one had four faces apiece,
and every one four wings; and the likeness of the hands of a man was under
their wings.) (Ezekiel 10:14 And every one had four faces: the first face
was the face of a cherub, and the second face was the face of a man, and
the third the face of a lion, and the fourth the face of an eagle.)
Similar celestial creatures are described in Ezekiel 1 called living
creatures with some differences. These may both be types of cherubims or
they may be different creatures. (Ezekiel 1:10 As for the likeness of
their faces, they four had the face of a man, and the face of a lion, on
the right side: and they four had the face of an ox on the left side; they
four also had the face of an eagle.) The creature in Ezekiel 1:10 has a
face of an ox instead of a cherub. Both this creature and the cherubims in
Ezekiel 10 have man's hands under their wings and wheels for feet. They
move at the speed of thought wherever they look. Cherubims also have eyes
all around them. (Ezekiel 10:12 And their whole body, and their backs, and
their hands, and their wings, and the wheels, were full of eyes round
about, even the wheels that they four had.) At least some cherubims are
used as chariots by God for him to ride in. (II Samuel 22:11 And he rode
upon a cherub, and did fly: and he was seen upon the wings of the wind.)
Cherubim guarded the garden of Eden with flaming swords after Adam's sin
and expulsion from the garden in order to prevent the eating of the tree
of life. (Genesis 3:24 So he drove out the man; and he placed at the east
of the garden of Eden Cherubims, and a flaming sword which turned every
way, to keep the way of the tree of life.)

Seraphims are most likely the next highest rank of angels. Seraphim
means "burning one". Seraphims have six wings and seem to be the heavenly
priests in heaven that assist Jesus who is the High Priest. The Levitical
priesthood is most likely a pattern of them. The seraphim (seraph
singular) use two wings to cover their faces as not to see the glory of
God, two to cover their feet, and two wings to fly. (Isaiah 6:1-3 In the
year that king Uzziah died I saw also the Lord sitting upon a throne, high
and lifted up, and his train filled the temple.
2 Above it stood the seraphims: each one had six wings; with twain he
covered his face, and with twain he covered his feet, and with twain he
did fly.
3 And one cried unto another, and said, Holy, holy, holy, is the LORD of
hosts: the whole earth is full of his glory.) One seraph gave Isaiah a
coal from the altar. (Isaiah 6:6 Then flew one of the seraphims unto me,
having a live coal in his hand, which he had taken with the tongs from off
the altar:)

Other types of angels mentioned are thrones, dominions,
principalities, and powers though these may refer to Satan's angels only
or maybe to both holy and unholy angels. (Colossians 1:16 For by him were
all things created, that are in heaven, and that are in earth, visible and
invisible, whether they be thrones, or dominions, or principalities, or
powers: all things were created by him, and for him:) Many of these may be
the title or function of the angels as they were created. Dominions and
principalities are most likely the angels assigned to governments. We do
know principalities are assigned to nations, both good and evil
principalities. This is seen in Daniel 10 with the prince of Persia, the
prince of Grecia, and Michael as the prince of Israel. (Daniel 10:20-21
Then said he, Knowest thou wherefore I come unto thee? and now will I
return to fight with the prince of Persia: and when I am gone forth, lo,
the prince of Grecia shall come.
21 But I will shew thee that which is noted in the scripture of truth:
and there is none that holdeth with me in these things, but Michael your
prince.) Angels also are assigned to all churches as seen in Revelation
1-3. It is real angels referred to in Revelation and the seven churches,
not pastors as many people preach and teach. Just as Jesus is in church
with believers so are angels, both holy and evil. Thrones may refer to
angels that are near the throne of God or Satan as well as some of Satan's
angels that rule the various affairs of man. We as Christians wrestle
against the angels of Satan. (Ephesians 6:12 For we wrestle not against
flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the
rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high
places.) Just as both holy and evil angels have a hierarchy, true
Christians also need to unite in prayer and in ways that together we are
stronger in spiritual warfare. You cannot go it alone as a lone wolf.

Michael is the only angel referred to as an archangel. (Jude 9 Yet
Michael the archangel, when contending with the devil he disputed about
the body of Moses, durst not bring against him a railing accusation, but
said, The Lord rebuke thee.)Michael means "who is like God". Many people
say Gabriel and Satan are archangels, but scripture never says that.
Daniel describes Michael as one of the chief princes so Michael may
actually be a principality and archangel just describes his position/rank
or title such as a general in an army who is an infantryman and soldier.
General is just his rank and title, not who he is. (Daniel 10:13 But the
prince of the kingdom of Persia withstood me one and twenty days: but, lo,
Michael, one of the chief princes, came to help me; and I remained there
with the kings of Persia.) Arch in archangel means chief. The built in
dictionary in the King James Bible even shows this in Daniel 10:13 where
it says Michael is "one of the chief princes". Michael is one of only four
angels mentioned by name in scripture. The Roman Catholic Church has
others but gets them from the apocryphal books. Michael is the prince of
Israel. (Daniel 10:21 But I will shew thee that which is noted in the
scripture of truth: and there is none that holdeth with me in these
things, but Michael your prince.) Michael is a warrior angel who most
likely is in charge just below Jesus as the head of the heavenly army.
Michael and his angels will fight against Satan and his angels as they
will be permanently cast out of heaven during the midpoint of the great
tribulation. (Revelation 12:7-9 And there was war in heaven: Michael and
his angels fought against the dragon; and the dragon fought and his
angels,
8 And prevailed not; neither was their place found any more in heaven.
9 And the great dragon was cast out, that old serpent, called the Devil,
and Satan, which deceiveth the whole world: he was cast out into the
earth, and his angels were cast out with him.) Michael also fought against
the prince of Persia to help Gabriel get to Daniel as we read in Daniel
10:13. It is possible that Michael is now the highest holy angel or at
least near the top.

Gabriel is another angel mentioned in scripture. Unlike Michael who
is a warrior angel, Gabriel is a messenger angel. The word angel means
messenger. Gabriel is always announcing things. His most important
announcement was the coming of Jesus to earth as the God-man. Gabriel told
Mary she would give birth to Christ and to name him Jesus which means he
who saves. (Luke 1:26-33 And in the sixth month the angel Gabriel was sent
from God unto a city of Galilee, named Nazareth,
27 To a virgin espoused to a man whose name was Joseph, of the house of
David; and the virgin's name was Mary.
28 And the angel came in unto her, and said, Hail, thou that art highly
favoured, the Lord is with thee: blessed art thou among women.
29 And when she saw him, she was troubled at his saying, and cast in her
mind what manner of salutation this should be.
30 And the angel said unto her, Fear not, Mary: for thou hast found favour
with God.
31 And, behold, thou shalt conceive in thy womb, and bring forth a son,
and shalt call his name JESUS.
32 He shall be great, and shall be called the Son of the Highest: and the
Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his father David:
33 And he shall reign over the house of Jacob for ever; and of his kingdom
there shall be no end.) Gabriel also appeared to Zacharias to announce the
coming conception of John the Baptist. (Luke 1:19 And the angel answering
said unto him, I am Gabriel, that stand in the presence of God; and am
sent to speak unto thee, and to shew thee these glad tidings.) Gabriel
also came to Daniel after Daniel had prayed to God. We saw how Michael
came to help Gabriel in his fight against the prince of Persia. This shows
how some angels are more powerful than others. I also read in Jude 9 how
even Michael did not challenge Satan directly, but had the help of God. We
see how both Michael and Gabriel are around in both the old and new
testaments showing they are immortal.

Michael and Gabriel are both holy angels. The next two angels
mentioned in scripture are both fallen angels. The first is Satan who has
other names as well. We will discuss him later. The second is Apollyon.
(Revelation 9:11 And they had a king over them, which is the angel of the
bottomless pit, whose name in the Hebrew tongue is Abaddon, but in the
Greek tongue hath his name Apollyon.) Many people claim that Apollyon is
Satan. I believe this is incorrect. Apollyon is the chief angel of the
bottomless pit and was the leader of the angels that rebelled against God
and mated with females in Genesis 6 to produce the giants. Satan is not
yet in the bottomless pit. Apollyon is one of the angels locked up in
chains of darkness. (II Peter 2:4 For if God spared not the angels that
sinned, but cast them down to hell, and delivered them into chains of
darkness, to be reserved unto judgment;) I have in previous sermons
explained that the angels locked up are the angels of Genesis 6. The
angels that rebelled along with Satan are still free.

Lucifer is the fourth angel mentioned in scripture. Lucifer was
originally the top angel who rebelled against God as his pride got to him.
Lucifer wanted to be like the most high. He wanted to be God and still
does. (Isaiah 14:12-14 How art thou fallen from heaven, O Lucifer, son of
the morning! how art thou cut down to the ground, which didst weaken the
nations!
13 For thou hast said in thine heart, I will ascend into heaven, I will
exalt my throne above the stars of God: I will sit also upon the mount of
the congregation, in the sides of the north:
14 I will ascend above the heights of the clouds; I will be like the most
High.) Lucifer rebelled and convinced one third of the angels to rebel
with him. (Revelation 12:4 And his tail drew the third part of the stars
of heaven, and did cast them to the earth: and the dragon stood before the
woman which was ready to be delivered, for to devour her child as soon as
it was born.) After Lucifer rebelled, God changed his name to Satan which
means accuser or adversary. He is also referred to as the devil, the
dragon, Beelzebub, the tempter, and many other names. As Lucifer, he was
created in perfection and he had built in instruments into his body and
most likely led the heavenly worship services. This is why Satan has so
controlled music such as rock and roll and rap, and all the others. His
body was also covered with precious stones. (Ezekiel 28:13 Thou hast been
in Eden the garden of God; every precious stone was thy covering, the
sardius, topaz, and the diamond, the beryl, the onyx, and the jasper, the
sapphire, the emerald, and the carbuncle, and gold: the workmanship of thy
tabrets and of thy pipes was prepared in thee in the day that thou wast
created.) Notice this is verse 13 with the number thirteen meaning
rebellion. Satan is a cherub as seen in this verse and once covered the
throne of God. As Lucifer, he was to have reflected the light of Jesus as
seen in his name meaning light bearer. Satan is the one who deceived Eve
and got her and Adam to sin. He appeared as a serpent which he indwelled.
(Revelation 20:2 And he laid hold on the dragon, that old serpent, which
is the Devil, and Satan, and bound him a thousand years,) Satan was
jealous of man who was made in the image of God and angels are not. God
also gave Adam dominion of the earth which Satan wanted. After Adam
sinned, Satan gained control of the world and today is the prince of this
world and the prince of the power of the air. This means Satan is in
charge of all of the evil angels and devils. (John 16:11 Of judgment,
because the prince of this world is judged.) (Ephesians 2:2 Wherein in
time past ye walked according to the course of this world, according to
the prince of the power of the air, the spirit that now worketh in the
children of disobedience:) Satan and his angels still have access to
heaven and God. This is seen in Job in more than one verse. (Job 1:6 ¶ Now
there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the
LORD, and Satan came also among them.) Satan goes to and fro in the earth
looking to devour people especially Christians as he already has the
unsaved. Because of Adam's sin, all people are now born with a sin nature
and need to call upon Jesus to save them to change this. Because of this
sin nature all people are born the children of Satan rather than God.
Satan wanted to devour Peter as a roaring lion. (I Peter 5:8 Be sober, be
vigilant; because your adversary the devil, as a roaring lion, walketh
about, seeking whom he may devour:) Satan has given much power to people
such as rock and roll stars and politicians. He will also do the same with
the antichrist. (Revelation 13:2 And the beast which I saw was like unto a
leopard, and his feet were as the feet of a bear, and his mouth as the
mouth of a lion: and the dragon gave him his power, and his seat, and
great authority.) Satan will mate with a woman to produce the antichrist
as Genesis 3:15 shows. (Genesis 3:15 And I will put enmity between thee
and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed; it shall bruise thy
head, and thou shalt bruise his heel.) The antichrist will be his literal
seed just as the giants were of the angels of Genesis 6. Satan has been a
liar and murderer from the beginning. The first words he said in scripture
were a lie to Eve. (John 8:44 Ye are of your father the devil, and the
lusts of your father ye will do. He was a murderer from the beginning, and
abode not in the truth, because there is no truth in him. When he speaketh
a lie, he speaketh of his own: for he is a liar, and the father of
it.)Satan is behind all lies such as evolution.Satan has tried to kill
Jesus many times and prevent his coming, both the first and second
comings. Satan always tries to copy everything God does. Satan has tried
to steal the rainbow from God and has produced his own false bibles. Satan
is the most powerful being after God, but he can only do what God allows
him to do. Satan as a created being does not have the attributes of God
such as omnipotence (all powerful), omniscience (all knowing), or
omnipresence (present everywhere at the same time). This is why Satan must
rely on the assistance of the other fallen angels and devils for
information. Satan is behind the coming New World Order and the chaos in
this world. Satan has been worshipped under many names such as Baphomet by
the Freemasons. Satan will be locked in the bottomless pit for a thousand
years during the millennium to show that people are wicked and rebellious
even without Satan. He will be loosed for a short bit and will lead one
last great rebellion against God before being cast into the lake of fire.
All of the evil angels will join him there for all eternity. Hell and the
lake of fire were created for Satan and his angels. Hell and the lake of
fire were never intended for man. People only go there because they reject
Jesus as their Saviour and choose to spend eternity with Satan. (Matthew
25:41 Then shall he say also unto them on the left hand, Depart from me,
ye cursed, into everlasting fire, prepared for the devil and his angels:)
Satan can appear as an angel of light in order to deceive people. (II
Corinthians 11:14 And no marvel; for Satan himself is transformed into an
angel of light.) Satan is behind all of the evil in the world. God does
allow Satan's angels to do work for him. God has four angels bound in the
Euphrates. We do not know why they are bound, but they will be released on
God's timing and they will dry up the Euphrates river to allow the 200
million man army to cross over on dry ground to confront the antichrist
during the tribulation. These angels will kill a third of all people.
(Revelation 9:14-16 Saying to the sixth angel which had the trumpet, Loose
the four angels which are bound in the great river Euphrates.
15 And the four angels were loosed, which were prepared for an hour, and a
day, and a month, and a year, for to slay the third part of men.
16 And the number of the army of the horsemen were two hundred thousand
thousand: and I heard the number of them.) People often say the devil made
me do it. It is true that Satan and his angels do heavily influence
people, but not all sin is caused by them as man is wicked himself. This
will be seen at the end of the millennium with the number of people as the
sand of the sea rebelling against God with Satan after Satan is loosed for
a short time. Satan had been locked up for a thousand years for God to
show how wicked man is on their own. (Revelation 20:3 And cast him into
the bottomless pit, and shut him up, and set a seal upon him, that he
should deceive the nations no more, till the thousand years should be
fulfilled: and after that he must be loosed a little season.) (Revelation
20:8 And shall go out to deceive the nations which are in the four
quarters of the earth, Gog and Magog, to gather them together to battle:
the number of whom is as the sand of the sea.) Satan and his angels were
defeated when Jesus rose from the grave. They will ultimately be cast into
the lake of fire. (Revelation 20:10 And the devil that deceived them was
cast into the lake of fire and brimstone, where the beast and the false
prophet are, and shall be tormented day and night for ever and ever.)
Notice the beast (antichrist) and the false prophet who were cast into the
lake of fire before the start of the millennium are still there when Satan
is cast in a thousand years later. No one gets annihilated in hell or the
lake of fire, but will burn and be in torment for all eternity. Satan
along with fallen angels and devils can bring disease to people such as is
seen in Job when God allowed Satan to inflict Job with disease. (Job 2:7 ¶
So went Satan forth from the presence of the LORD, and smote Job with sore
boils from the sole of his foot unto his crown.) They can also take it
away to deceive people believing they performed a miracle and are from
God.

Devils are part of Satan's kingdom. Many theologians say they are the
same as the evil fallen angels that rebelled with Satan. I disagree and
believe they are the spirits of the giants who died in the flood. Angels
have a spiritual body, but devils were always looking for a body, even an
animal body. The giants had angel dads and so they were part angel and
part man. When they died in the flood they did not go directly to hell
like people since they had angel DNA. I believe this is why they always
sought a body, even swine when they were cast out of a person. (Matthew
8:31 So the devils besought him, saying, If thou cast us out, suffer us to
go away into the herd of swine.) Devils possessed many people and as many
as 2,000 possessed a man and called themselves Legion because they were so
many. (Mark 5:9 And he asked him, What is thy name? And he answered,
saying, My name is Legion: for we are many.) (Mark 5:13 And forthwith
Jesus gave them leave. And the unclean spirits went out, and entered into
the swine: and the herd ran violently down a steep place into the sea,
(they were about two thousand;) and were choked in the sea.) It is true
that angels can possess people such as Satan possessed Judas Iscariot and
will the future antichrist, but I still believe they are different
creatures. Devils are the ones behind all idols and it was devils that
people sacrificed to when they thought they were sacrificing to gods.
(Psalm 106:37 Yea, they sacrificed their sons and their daughters unto
devils,) (Deuteronomy 32:17 They sacrificed unto devils, not to God; to
gods whom they knew not, to new gods that came newly up, whom your fathers
feared not.) The devils know God is real and tremble. This is why people
need to believe in Jesus as their Saviour, not just believe that God is
real and Satan is real. (James 2:19 Thou believest that there is one God;
thou doest well: the devils also believe, and tremble.) They also know
their coming fate in hell. Some devils just as angels are more wicked than
another. (Matthew 12:5 Then goeth he, and taketh with himself seven other
spirits more wicked than himself, and they enter in and dwell there: and
the last state of that man is worse than the first. Even so shall it be
also unto this wicked generation.) Most likely unclean spirits are the
same as devils. Ghosts seen by people are devils.

Angels are the spiritual beings most often mentioned in scripture.
Angels are ministering spirits. (Hebrews 1:14 Are they not all ministering
spirits, sent forth to minister for them who shall be heirs of salvation?)
Angels protect those who will become Christians. Angels as spirits have a
spiritual body. (Hebrews 1:7 And of the angels he saith, Who maketh his
angels spirits, and his ministers a flame of fire.) (Psalm 104:4 Who
maketh his angels spirits; his ministers a flaming fire:) We see angels
compared to fire. I have already shown how angels are compared to stars
and stars are balls of fire. Angels often appeared to people as men. Some
examples are the two angels who came with Jesus to destroy Sodom or the
angels who guarded the tomb of Jesus. (Luke 24:4 And it came to pass, as
they were much perplexed thereabout, behold, two men stood by them in
shining garments:) These angels in scripture did not take on the body of a
man, but rather this is their spiritual body that resembles a man. (I
Corinthians 15:40 There are also celestial bodies, and bodies terrestrial:
but the glory of the celestial is one, and the glory of the terrestrial is
another.) The verses around this one show there is a body for each type of
animal, person, star, moon, et cetera and also for angels. Jesus as God is
a Spirit who has always looked like man as man got the look because he was
made in the image of God. Angels eat food just like people or animals. If
angels did not have a body angels could not eat. They eat manna. (Psalm
78:23-25 Though he had commanded the clouds from above, and opened the
doors of heaven,
24 And had rained down manna upon them to eat, and had given them of the
corn of heaven.
25 Man did eat angels' food: he sent them meat to the full.) An angel got
Peter out of prison and appeared to many others. Angels were around Jesus
throughout his life. They were at his birth singing to the shepherds.
(Luke 2:13-14 And suddenly there was with the angel a multitude of the
heavenly host praising God, and saying,
14 Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men.)
Angels are the host of heaven. Angels ministered to Jesus after spending
forty days in the wilderness. (Matthew 4:11 Then the devil leaveth him,
and, behold, angels came and ministered unto him.) An angel ministered to
Jesus after he sweat drops of blood before going to the cross. (Luke 22:43
And there appeared an angel unto him from heaven, strengthening him.) Two
angels appeared at the ascension of Jesus to let the disciples know that
Jesus would return some day. (Acts 1:10 And while they looked stedfastly
toward heaven as he went up, behold, two men stood by them in white
apparel;) These angels are always in white as they represent the purity of
God. Angels along with Christians will return with Jesus at his second
coming. (Revelation 19:14 And the armies which were in heaven followed him
upon white horses, clothed in fine linen, white and clean.) Angels
appeared in many other aspects of Jesus' life. Angels will carry
Christians to heaven when they die. (Luke 16:22 And it came to pass, that
the beggar died, and was carried by the angels into Abraham's bosom: the
rich man also died, and was buried;) Angels are higher beings then people,
but one day we will become higher than them and we will judge them.
(Hebrews 2:9 But we see Jesus, who was made a little lower than the angels
for the suffering of death, crowned with glory and honour; that he by the
grace of God should taste death for every man.) (I Corinthians 6:3 Know ye
not that we shall judge angels? how much more things that pertain to this
life?) Angels look into salvation as it intrigues them as there is no
salvation for the evil angels. (I Peter 1:12 Unto whom it was revealed,
that not unto themselves, but unto us they did minister the things, which
are now reported unto you by them that have preached the gospel unto you
with the Holy Ghost sent down from heaven; which things the angels desire
to look into.) Jesus took on the nature of man, not angels. Jesus died as
a man, not an angel. (Hebrews 2:16 For verily he took not on him the
nature of angels; but he took on him the seed of Abraham.) I believe all
angels were given free will just like Adam and Eve were and once they
sinned they were permanently locked in as evil angels and the holy angels
are locked in as holy angels. Holy angels rejoice over one sinner who
repents. (Luke 15:10 Likewise, I say unto you, there is joy in the
presence of the angels of God over one sinner that repenteth.) Angels are
powerful beings as they open prison doors, moved the rock at Jesus' grave,
and performed many other acts. (II Thessalonians 1:7 And to you who are
troubled rest with us, when the Lord Jesus shall be revealed from heaven
with his mighty angels,) Angels are referred to as sons of the mighty in
reference to God as mighty. (Psalm 89:6 For who in the heaven can be
compared unto the LORD? who among the sons of the mighty can be likened
unto the LORD?) Angels are mightier than people, but do not speak evil of
dignitaries as they are placed there by God. (II Peter 2:11 Whereas
angels, which are greater in power and might, bring not railing accusation
against them before the Lord.) Angels are not only God's messengers, but
some also bring some of God's wrath to man. This will be seen during the
great tribulation as 14 angels pore out on man the trumpet and vial
judgments. Children at least have guardian angels and I believe all adult
believers do as well. (Matthew 18:10 Take heed that ye despise not one of
these little ones; for I say unto you, That in heaven their angels do
always behold the face of my Father which is in heaven.) Peter was
released from jail by an angel and when he went to John Mark's mom's house
Rhoda saw Peter at the gate but thought he was Peter's angel. (Acts 12:15
And they said unto her, Thou art mad. But she constantly affirmed that it
was even so. Then said they, It is his angel.) This shows people believed
that Christians at least had guardian angels and they may have even been
taught this by Jesus. Angels are never to be worshipped including Satan.
This is what Satan has always wanted. (Colossians 2:18 Let no man beguile
you of your reward in a voluntary humility and worshipping of angels,
intruding into those things which he hath not seen, vainly puffed up by
his fleshly mind,) An angel told John not to worship him, but to worship
God. (Revelation 19:10 And I fell at his feet to worship him. And he said
unto me, See thou do it not: I am thy fellowservant, and of thy brethren
that have the testimony of Jesus: worship God: for the testimony of Jesus
is the spirit of prophecy.) (Revelation 22:8-9 And I John saw these
things, and heard them. And when I had heard and seen, I fell down to
worship before the feet of the angel which shewed me these things.
9 Then saith he unto me, See thou do it not: for I am thy fellowservant,
and of thy brethren the prophets, and of them which keep the sayings of
this book: worship God.) God shares his worship with no one including
angels. If an angel accepts worship he is one of Satan's angels. Some
people have seen angels and never knew it. (Hebrews 13:2 Be not forgetful
to entertain strangers: for thereby some have entertained angels
unawares.) Normally God only allows people the honor to tell other people
the gospel, but during the great tribulation an angel will fly around the
world proclaiming the everlasting gospel. This will be because God will
have called all believers home to him in the rapture and he promised to
always have a witness for him. (Revelation 14:6-7 And I saw another angel
fly in the midst of heaven, having the everlasting gospel to preach unto
them that dwell on the earth, and to every nation, and kindred, and
tongue, and people,
7 Saying with a loud voice, Fear God, and give glory to him; for the hour
of his judgment is come: and worship him that made heaven, and earth, and
the sea, and the fountains of waters.) The gospel this angel preaches is
the same gospel preached by Paul and other godly men of the death, burial,
and resurrection of Jesus for a sinful mankind in need of a Saviour. God
warned that even if an angel from heaven proclaimed a gospel different
from this, then we were to ignore it. Both Islam and Mormonism where
founded this way by a supposed angel giving the men new revelations.
(Galatians 1:8 But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other
gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be
accursed.) When God creates the new heaven and new earth, angels will
still live in heaven and people on earth just as it is now. Heaven was
made for the angels and earth for people. I already mentioned how angels
are immortal. Angels never are killed while engaged in spiritual warfare
unlike what is taught by some theologians in some books such as This
Present Darkness and the other in the series. Angels are often depicted
with wings, but scripture only says the cherubims and seraphims have
wings. All of the angels seen by people in scripture always looked like
ordinary men with no wings. Angels also do not have halos as they are
often painted with. Scripture never says a thing about them. Holy angels
are usually seen dressed in white to represent the purity of Jesus and
often times they glow reflecting a small portion of the glory of God. The
Sadducees denied the existence of angels, but scripture clearly shows they
are real.

Often times in the old testament the angel of the LORD or the angel
of God is mentioned. This angel was none other than the pre-incarnate Lord
Jesus Christ and not just an angel. These appearances are known as
theophanies.  

Many theologians believe a heavenly divine council exists in heaven
with both holy and evil angels on it with God ruling over it. They believe
God allows the angels to help make decisions that affect man and the
earth. They believe the sons of God mentioned in Job refer to Satan coming
to this council. They get the idea of a divine council from Psalm 89:5-7.
(Psalm 89:5-7 And the heavens shall praise thy wonders, O LORD: thy
faithfulness also in the congregation of the saints.
6 For who in the heaven can be compared unto the LORD? who among the sons
of the mighty can be likened unto the LORD?
7 God is greatly to be feared in the assembly of the saints, and to be had
in reverence of all them that are about him.) Sons of the mighty in verse
6 refers to angels. It appears that saints, which are saved people, may
also be on this council as angels are not referred to as saints. Jesus
will allow Christians to help him rule during the millennium so it is
possible that he also allows the angels to assist him in ruling though he
will always have the final say. Some believe when God wanted Ahab to die
he had the council decide how to do it. One evil angel spoke up and said
he would be a lying spirit to deceive Ahab and God allowed him to do so.
(I Kings 22:19-23 And he said, Hear thou therefore the word of the LORD: I
saw the LORD sitting on his throne, and all the host of heaven standing by
him on his right hand and on his left.
20 And the LORD said, Who shall persuade Ahab, that he may go up and fall
at Ramoth-gilead? And one said on this manner, and another said on that
manner.
21 And there came forth a spirit, and stood before the LORD, and said, I
will persuade him.
22 And the LORD said unto him, Wherewith? And he said, I will go forth,
and I will be a lying spirit in the mouth of all his prophets. And he
said, Thou shalt persuade him, and prevail also: go forth, and do so.
23 Now therefore, behold, the LORD hath put a lying spirit in the mouth of
all these thy prophets, and the LORD hath spoken evil concerning thee.)
Psalm 82:1 also seems to mention the heavenly congregation or council.
(Psalm 82:1 God standeth in the congregation of the mighty; he judgeth
among the gods.) Watchers are angels that watch over the affairs of men.
Daniel speaks of them and possibly may refer to these watchers being on
this divine council to determine the affairs of men. (Daniel 4:17 This
matter is by the decree of the watchers, and the demand by the word of the
holy ones: to the intent that the living may know that the most High
ruleth in the kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever he will, and
setteth up over it the basest of men.) Daniel 4:17 is in reference to the
decision to have Nebuchadnezzar lose his kingdom and live outside like an
animal for seven years. It appears that the watchers assisted God with
this decision with the phrase "This matter is by the decree of the
watchers".  Elsewhere in Daniel 4 we see a watcher came down to
Nebuchadnezzar to tell him of his doom as the watchers had decreed or
decided. Jewish tradition says the sons of God that mated with women in
Genesis 6 had been watchers.

Revelation mentions four beasts around the throne of God. They have
similar features to both the cherubims and seraphims but appear to be
different creatures. (Revelation 4:6-9 And before the throne there was a
sea of glass like unto crystal: and in the midst of the throne, and round
about the throne, were four beasts full of eyes before and behind.
7 And the first beast was like a lion, and the second beast like a calf,
and the third beast had a face as a man, and the fourth beast was like a
flying eagle.
8 And the four beasts had each of them six wings about him;
and they were full of eyes within: and they rest not day and night,
saying, Holy, holy, holy, Lord God Almighty, which was, and is, and is to
come.
9 And when those beasts give glory and honour and thanks to him that sat
on the throne, who liveth for ever and ever,) These beasts have eyes all
around and six wings like the seraphims. They worship God all the time.
Unlike the cherubims which have four faces, the beasts seem to only have
one face with each one a different face. This is similar to the living
creatures mentioned in Ezekiel 1 that have similar features to the
cherubims and may be the same but there are some differences so they are
at least a slight variation of the cherubims.   

Satanic creatures that are locked in the bottomless pit with the
angels that sinned with the women in Genesis 6 are released during the
great tribulation. These creatures are locusts with many unusual features.
(Revelation 9:7-10 And the shapes of the locusts were like unto horses
prepared unto battle; and on their heads were as it were crowns like gold,
and their faces were as the faces of men.
8 And they had hair as the hair of women, and their teeth were
as the teeth of lions.
9 And they had breastplates, as it were breastplates of iron; and the
sound of their wings was as the sound of chariots of many horses running
to battle.
10 And they had tails like unto scorpions, and there were stings in their
tails: and their power was to hurt men five months.) These locusts have
long hair like a woman and teeth of a lion, faces of a man, and wings. It
makes you wonder if these were from mating of angels with animals or God
originally made them this way. Strange satanic creatures.

When people die they do not become angels and angels do not get
wings. They either have wings or they do not. Angels never age or die.

People often ask if angels live in the same dimension as us or in a
supposed fourth dimension. Scripture does not give us an exact answer. We
do know that angels are normally invisible but that God does allow them to
be seen by us at times.

Angels have their own language or languages. (I Corinthians 13:1
Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels, and have not
charity, I am become as sounding brass, or a tinkling cymbal.)  

It is possible that animals can see spiritual beings such as when
Balaam's ass saw the angel of the LORD or it just may be only at certain
times just like people. This may be why sometimes cats and dogs act the
way they do. (Numbers 22:25 And when the ass saw the angel of the LORD,
she thrust herself unto the wall, and crushed Balaam's foot against the
wall: and he smote her again.)

Nothing can separate us from the love of God, not even angels.
(Romans 8:38-39 For I am persuaded, that neither death, nor life,
nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things
to come,
39 Nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature, shall be able to
separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus our Lord.)

Angels just as men are attracted to women's long hair. This is one
reason why women can cover their head while praying, but not men.
According to Jewish tradition this is one of the things that determined
which female was chosen by the angels in Genesis 6. (I Corinthians 11:10
For this cause ought the woman to have power on her head because of the
angels.) 

Just as angels are often compared to stars, they are also compared to
birds. They even have wings and fly like birds. More often than not the
relation to birds is of evil angels and devils such as in Revelation 18:2.
(Revelation 18:1-2 And after these things I saw another angel come down
from heaven, having great power; and the earth was lightened with his
glory.
2 And he cried mightily with a strong voice, saying, Babylon the great is
fallen, is fallen, and is become the habitation of devils, and the hold of
every foul spirit, and a cage of every unclean and hateful bird.) Owls are
seen throughout scripture compared to devils and throughout history owls
and other birds have long been associated with Satan. Owls are often
compared in scripture with dragons with Satan being called the dragon.
(Isaiah 34:13-15 And thorns shall come up in her palaces, nettles and
brambles in the fortresses thereof: and it shall be an habitation of
dragons, and a court for owls.
14 The wild beasts of the desert shall also meet with the wild beasts of
the island, and the satyr shall cry to his fellow; the screech owl also
shall rest there, and find for herself a place of rest.
15 There shall the great owl make her nest, and lay, and hatch, and gather
under her shadow: there shall the vultures also be gathered, every one
with her mate.) This comparison of angels to birds may even be seen in how
birds are divided into clean and unclean birds though beasts are as well
and the unclean birds often eat dead animals such as the vulture and
raven.    

Satyrs are creatures associated with Satan. It is not known exactly
what they are except that they are evil. Greek mythology said they are
part man and part horse. Roman mythology said they were part man and part
goat. Goats have long been associated with Satan. Whatever they are they
are not good. (Isaiah 13:21 But wild beasts of the desert shall lie there;
and their houses shall be full of doleful creatures; and owls shall dwell
there, and satyrs shall dance there.) The cockatrice is another creature
that is associated with Satan and it is not exactly clear what it is.
Supposedly it was a dragon or some say snake with a rooster head. That is
possible as strange creatures referred to as beasts are mentioned in
Revelation. (Jeremiah 8:17 For, behold, I will send serpents, cockatrices,
among you, which will not be charmed, and they shall bite you, saith the
LORD.) Revelation 9:17 speaks of horses breathing fire and with heads of
lions. (Revelation 9:17 And thus I saw the horses in the vision, and them
that sat on them, having breastplates of fire, and of jacinth, and
brimstone: and the heads of the horses were as the heads of lions; and out
of their mouths issued fire and smoke and brimstone.) We see unclean
spirits that looked like frogs. (Revelation 16:13 And I saw three unclean
spirits like frogs come out of the mouth of the dragon, and out of the
mouth of the beast, and out of the mouth of the false prophet.)   

Search for: _____________________  [ Search ]

Recent Comments

Archives

Categories

• No categories

Meta

• Log in
• Entries feed
• Comments feed
• WordPress.org

Created my free logo at LogoMakr.com

Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Copyright (c) 2024 Jesus is God and Lord Ministries | Credits
Powered by Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

