Link: profile
Link: dns-prefetch
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Feed (alternate)
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Comments Feed (alternate)
Link: preconnect
Link: preconnect
Link: https://api.w.org/
Link: alternate
Link: RSD (EditURI)
Link: canonical
Link: shortlink
Link: alternate
Link: alternate
Skip to content
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Ye Must Be Born Again

Main Menu

• HOME
• STORE
• ABOUT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD MINISTRIES
• BELIEFS
• CONTACT
• KING JAMES BIBLE TO READ AND LISTEN TO
• KING JAMES BIBLE WORDS AND PHRASES DEFINED
• WHY WE MUST BE BORN AGAIN
• WHAT MUST I DO TO BE SAVED (BE BORN AGAIN), HAVE ETERNAL LIFE AND GO
TO HEAVEN?
• NOW THAT I AM A BORN AGAIN CHRISTIAN, HOW DO I GROW (MATURE)?
• PROOF THAT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD
• SERMONS AND SCRIPTURE LESSONSMenu Toggle

• 3:16 Verses
• Abraham the obedient father and type of God the Father
• According to the word of the LORD
• Alleged Contradictions in Scripture
• Angels and spiritual beings
• Animals Teaching Man  
• Be like Jesus
• Be Thankful
• Bread in Scripture
• Christian Martyrs for Jesus
• Colors in Scripture
• Curse Israel and you will be cursed
• Dangers of Calvinism
• Deadliest battles in scripture
• Deserts in scripture and in our lives
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism
• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freedom and Liberty come from God
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise
• From the resurrection to the ascension
• Genealogies of Jesus
• Gifts of the Holy Ghost
• God is Light
• God is Love
• God the Holy Ghost
• Halloween and the connection to Satan
• Honour Thy Mother
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus is the door that all must enter for everlasting life
• Jesus is the Light of the World and Christians Should Reflect
that Light
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jesus versus Mohammad
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Jonah
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Jude
• Malachi   
• Martyrs in the Lord's Army
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Nahum
• Nehemiah 3 and the ten gates of the Jerusalem wall
• Obadiah
• Our Nation Was Founded Upon God
• Philemon
• Prayer
• Pre-incarnate Appearances of Jesus (Theophanies)
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Proof that Jesus is God
• Prophecies Fulfilled by Jesus at his First Coming
• Prophecies of the Second Coming of Jesus
• Psalm 23
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines
• Santa is Satan and his little elves are devils
• Serve in the Lord's Army
• Seven Vial Judgments of Revelation
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  
• Star of Bethlehem
• Thankful people in scripture  
• The Battle of Gog and Magog
• The Books of God
• The Crucifixion of Jesus
• The Egyptian gods and goddesses of the ten plagues and their
judgment and defeat by the God of gods
• The Exodus   
• The Good Samaritan
• The Gospel in Stone
• The Gospel in the Stars
• The Greatest Father Anyone Can Have And Everyone Needs
• The Handwriting of God
• The Illegal Trial of Jesus
• The King James Bible Built-in Dictionary
• The Miracles at the Crucifixion of Jesus
• The New Year's resolutions that need to be kept
• The Number Seven in Scripture
• The Number Three in Scripture  
• The Riotous Son
• The True Creationism of the Scriptures versus False Theories
• The Unscriptural Flat Earth Theory
• The Unscriptural Lucifer Flood  
• The Widow Woman and the Oil  
• The Word Became Flesh
• Types of the Holy Ghost in scripture
• Was Jesus born on Christmas?
• Was Jesus Crucified on Friday?
• Water in Scripture
• Weather in scripture
• Who are the sons of God of Genesis 6?
• Work is from God
• Worshipping God in psalms, hymns, and spiritual songs
• Zephaniah

• VIDEOS
• HYMNS
• FOR PRECIOUS JEWISH SOULSMenu Toggle

• Meet the Jewish Messiah
• False Religion of Judaism
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  

• FOR PRECIOUS ROMAN CATHOLIC SOULSMenu Toggle

• False Doctrines of Roman Catholicism
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• CULTSMenu Toggle

• Roman CatholicismMenu Toggle

• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism

• FALSE RELIGIONSMenu Toggle

• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise

• RECOMMENDED BOOKS FOR READING
• LINKS
• CHECKOUT
• New items are available in the store for purchase.

0

The Battle of Gog and Magog

The Battle of Gog and Magog is a future battle between Russia and
Muslim nations against Israel foretold in Ezekiel chapters 38-39. With
Russia fighting a war currently with Ukraine and rumors that Russia will
next invade Moldova, I thought this was a good time to speak on this
future battle. After the fall of the USSR, many people predicted that
communism and Russia were done, but I warned that they were both alive and
well and would return in full force in the future as scripture prophesizes
it. The bear (Russia) will be fully awake and socialism (communism) is
spreading throughout former Western nations including here in the United
States were socialism has taken over the nation. The government of the
future antichrist will be socialism. In Russia's current war, many nations
have implemented harsh sanctions against Russia to try and stop the war,
but I believe this will only anger Russia more and make them more
determined to continue their fight. As the people start starving, they
will hate the West more and blame them rather than Putin. I am not for
Russia, but I am giving the reality of what happens and history proves it.
When people are pushed, they usually push back. If you push people to the
breaking point, they are going to fight back. The West, including the US,
are hoping the sanctions will cause the people to overthrow Putin, but
that is not how it works. It just makes the people more defiant against
those imposing the sanctions. The inside information coming from Russia
already shows more support for Putin than before the war, even with all of
the dead, as the sanctions continue. The same thing happened to Germany
after World War I as the nations wanted to punish Germany they implemented
harsh penalties and it was because of the harsh treatment on Germany that
allowed Hitler to gain control of the nation. He would have never been
successful if the demands (reparations) against Germany had not been so
harsh. As I said I do not approve of what Germany did or of Russia who has
always been the evil empire, but the politicians better learn from history
before they truly awake the bear and reap what they sow as scripture says.
The main reason that the world leaders have all turned against Russia is
because Russia is interfering in their plan for the one world government
as Russia and China both want to be the one ruling the world. The world
leaders acted surprised about Russia's invasion, but they never should
have been if they knew scripture and paid attention to the signs. Russia
has been fighting against Ukraine in small sections since 2014 and showed
all of the signs of a coming invasion. I told various people that I bet as
soon as the Winter Olympics were over then Russia would invade and that is
exactly what happened the day after they ended. Germany which is one of
the future countries that will join Russia in the attack on Israel
initially implemented sanctions against Russia, but the government is
already thinking about ending them as she has relied on Russia for natural
gas. This sign of change is yet another sign that biblical prophecy will
be fulfilled in the future as written in scripture.

There are various opinions on the timing of this future battle. The
first opinion says the battle will occur prior to the rapture and the
seven year tribulation. The second opinion says the battle will occur
between the rapture and the tribulation and a third opinion says around
the middle of the tribulation. A fourth view says it will occur just prior
to the second coming of Jesus and is the same as the Battle of Armageddon.
A fifth view says it will be during the gap between the second coming of
Jesus and the start of the millennium. The final view says the battle will
occur at the end of the millennium. Some have even said it already
occurred, but after we study the description of the battle it should be
obvious that it has not happened yet. Ezekiel 38:8 says the battle will be
in the "latter years" which is the time we are living in now so it could
not have already happened. Ezekiel 37 is about Israel becoming a nation
again which happened in May 1948 and this battle follows that and this has
never happened since 1948. I am briefly going to touch on the last three
views and then will later mention the first three as we look at these
chapters in Ezekiel. The fourth view cannot be correct as the Battle of
Gog and Magog is just certain nations that attack Israel whereas the
Battle of Armageddon involves the 200 million man army of China and other
Oriental nations meeting the antichrist and his army of the rest of the
world's nations fighting in Israel, but who all will join in the attack
against Jesus when he comes. (Revelation 9:16 And the number of the army
of the horsemen were two hundred thousand thousand: and I heard the number
of them.) (Revelation 16:16 And he gathered them together into a place
called in the Hebrew tongue Armageddon.) The descriptions of the amount
dead and burning weapons and so forth do not match as we will see. These
are clearly not the same battles. The fifth view says the battle will
occur after the end of the tribulation and before the start of the
millennium. In between these two periods there will be 75 days that Jesus
will use to judge the nations and clean up things from the Battle of
Armageddon and prepare for the millennium including building the fourth or
millennial temple. All of the unsaved will be cast into hell. Daniel says
the tribulation will be made of two periods of 3.5 years with the last
half known as the great tribulation. Each year is made of 360 days based
on the Jewish calendar for a total of 1260 days for each period. (Daniel
12:7 And I heard the man clothed in linen, which was upon the waters of
the river, when he held up his right hand and his left hand unto heaven,
and sware by him that liveth for ever that it shall be for a time, times,
and an half; and when he shall have accomplished to scatter the power of
the holy people, all these things shall be finished.) The antichrist will
start the second half by breaking the peace treaty with Israel and
desecrating the temple. Then the great tribulation will be followed by 75
days prior to the millennium consisting of two periods, one of 30 days and
the second of 45 days. The time clock starts to calculate these extra days
when the antichrist desolates the temple. It is possible that the
antichrist desolates it 30 days prior to the end of the first half so that
there is only 45 days in between the tribulation and the millennium. Some
theologians have said that Jesus does not return until those extra days
are done, but scripture says he returns at the end of the tribulation at
the Battle of Armageddon. (Daniel 12:11-12 And from the time that the
daily sacrifice shall be taken away, and the abomination that maketh
desolate set up, there shall be a thousand two hundred and ninety days.
12 Blessed is he that waiteth, and cometh to the thousand three hundred
and five and thirty days.) If you subtract 1335 days from 1260 then you
get 75 days. Since God (Jesus) has judged the nations, known as the sheep
and goat judgment, during the 75 day period then I do not see how the
Battle of Gog and Magog can occur at this time. (Matthew 25:32-33 And
before him shall be gathered all nations: and he shall separate them one
from another, as a shepherd divideth his sheep from the goats:
33
And he shall set the sheep on his right hand, but the goats on the left.)
The sixth view is wrong as this speaks of a different battle with the same
name, but over a thousand years apart. Many wars in history have battles
of the same name and this is no different. At the end of the millennium
there will be another battle with the same name. In this battle then Satan
is loosed to stir up the battle and people who are as numerous as the sand
of the sea are ready to join Satan in fighting Jesus. Even with Jesus
ruling here on earth in an ideal environment, we see how people just
refuse to serve Jesus. People just love sin. Jesus quickly ends the
rebellion and battle by sending fire from heaven and all are cast into the
lake of fire. No one has a chance to repent whereas some do in the first
battle. People survive the first Battle of Gog and Magog and unlike the
second battle which has people from all over the world fighting, the first
battle only has certain nations. The first battle is against Israel and
the second battle is against Jesus. These are clearly different battles
just with the same name. God names the battle the same as the people in
the second battle are just as rebellious as the people in the first battle
and he is just making a comparison. This is similar to people calling
someone the devil because they act like him, but everyone knows the person
is not really the devil. God also compared nations to Sodom. (Revelation
20:7-10 And when the thousand years are expired, Satan shall be loosed out
of his prison,
8 And shall go out to deceive the nations which are in the four quarters
of the earth, Gog and Magog, to gather them together to battle: the number
of whom is as the sand of the sea.
9 And they went up on the breadth of the earth, and compassed the camp of
the saints about, and the beloved city: and fire came down from God out of
heaven, and devoured them.
10 And the devil that deceived them was cast into the lake of fire and
brimstone, where the beast and the false prophet are, and shall be
tormented day and night for ever and ever.)

Read Ezekiel 38-39 to get the full picture. (Ezekiel 38:1-23 1 And
the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
2 Son of man, set thy face against Gog, the land of Magog, the chief
prince of Meshech and Tubal, and prophesy against him,
3 And say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against thee, O Gog, the
chief prince of Meshech and Tubal:
4 And I will turn thee back, and put hooks into thy jaws, and I will bring
thee forth, and all thine army, horses and horsemen, all of them clothed
with all sorts of armour, even a great company with bucklers and shields,
all of them handling swords:
5 Persia, Ethiopia, and Libya with them; all of them with shield and
helmet:
6 Gomer, and all his bands; the house of Togarmah of the north quarters,
and all his bands: and many people with thee.
7 Be thou prepared, and prepare for thyself, thou, and all thy company
that are assembled unto thee, and be thou a guard unto them.

8 ¶ After many days thou shalt be visited: in the latter years thou shalt
come into the land that is brought back from the sword, and is gathered
out of many people, against the mountains of Israel, which have been
always waste: but it is brought forth out of the nations, and they shall
dwell safely all of them.
9 Thou shalt ascend and come like a storm, thou shalt be like a cloud to
cover the land, thou, and all thy bands, and many people with thee.
10 Thus saith the Lord GOD; It shall also come to pass, that at the same
time shall things come into thy mind, and thou shalt think an evil
thought:
11 And thou shalt say, I will go up to the land of unwalled villages; I
will go to them that are at rest, that dwell safely, all of them dwelling
without walls, and having neither bars nor gates,
12 To take a spoil, and to take a prey; to turn thine hand upon the
desolate places that are now inhabited, and upon the
people that are gathered out of the nations, which have gotten cattle and
goods, that dwell in the midst of the land.
13 Sheba, and Dedan, and the merchants of Tarshish, with all the young
lions thereof, shall say unto thee, Art thou come to take a spoil? hast
thou gathered thy company to take a prey? to carry away silver and gold,
to take away cattle and goods, to take a great spoil?

14 ¶ Therefore, son of man, prophesy and say unto Gog, Thus saith the Lord
GOD; In that day when my people of Israel dwelleth safely, shalt thou not
know it?
15 And thou shalt come from thy place out of the north parts, thou, and
many people with thee, all of them riding upon horses, a great company,
and a mighty army:
16 And thou shalt come up against my people of Israel, as a cloud to cover
the land; it shall be in the latter days, and I will bring thee against my
land, that the heathen may know me, when I shall be sanctified in thee, O
Gog, before their eyes.
17 Thus saith the Lord GOD; Art thou he of whom I have spoken in old time
by my servants the prophets of Israel, which prophesied in those
days many years that I would bring thee against them?
18 And it shall come to pass at the same time when Gog shall come against
the land of Israel, saith the Lord GOD, that my fury shall come up in my
face.
19 For in my jealousy and in the fire of my wrath have I spoken, Surely in
that day there shall be a great shaking in the land of Israel;
20 So that the fishes of the sea, and the fowls of the heaven, and the
beasts of the field, and all creeping things that creep upon the earth,
and all the men that are upon the face of the earth, shall shake at my
presence, and the mountains shall be thrown down, and the steep places
shall fall, and every wall shall fall to the ground.
21 And I will call for a sword against him throughout all my mountains,
saith the Lord GOD: every man's sword shall be against his brother.
22 And I will plead against him with pestilence and with blood; and I will
rain upon him, and upon his bands, and upon the many people that are with
him, an overflowing rain, and great hailstones, fire, and brimstone.
23 Thus will I magnify myself, and sanctify myself; and I will be known in
the eyes of many nations, and they shall know that I am the LORD.)
(Ezekiel 39:1-29 1 Therefore, thou son of man, prophesy against Gog, and
say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against thee, O Gog, the chief
prince of Meshech and Tubal:
2 And I will turn thee back, and leave but the sixth part of thee, and
will cause thee to come up from the north parts, and will bring thee upon
the mountains of Israel:
3 And I will smite thy bow out of thy left hand, and will cause thine
arrows to fall out of thy right hand.
4 Thou shalt fall upon the mountains of Israel, thou, and all thy bands,
and the people that is with thee: I will give thee unto the ravenous birds
of every sort, and to the beasts of the field to be devoured.
5 Thou shalt fall upon the open field: for I have spoken it, saith the
Lord GOD.
6 And I will send a fire on Magog, and among them that dwell carelessly in
the isles: and they shall know that I am the LORD. 7 So will I make my
holy name known in the midst of my people Israel; and I will
not let them pollute my holy name any more: and the heathen shall know
that I am the LORD, the Holy One in Israel.

8 ¶ Behold, it is come, and it is done, saith the Lord GOD; this is the
day whereof I have spoken.
9 And they that dwell in the cities of Israel shall go forth, and shall
set on fire and burn the weapons, both the shields and the bucklers, the
bows and the arrows, and the handstaves, and the spears, and they shall
burn them with fire seven years:
10 So that they shall take no wood out of the field, neither cut
down any out of the forests; for they shall burn the weapons with fire:
and they shall spoil those that spoiled them, and rob those that robbed
them, saith the Lord GOD.

11 ¶ And it shall come to pass in that day, that I will give unto Gog a
place there of graves in Israel, the valley of the passengers on the east
of the sea: and it shall stop the noses of the passengers: and there shall
they bury Gog and all his multitude: and they shall call it The valley of
Hamon-gog.
12 And seven months shall the house of Israel be burying of them, that
they may cleanse the land.
13 Yea, all the people of the land shall bury them; and it shall be to
them a renown the day that I shall be glorified, saith the Lord GOD.
14 And they shall sever out men of continual employment, passing through
the land to bury with the passengers those that remain upon the face of
the earth, to cleanse it: after the end of seven months shall they search.
15 And the passengers that pass through the land, when any seeth a man's
bone, then shall he set up a sign by it, till the buriers have buried it
in the valley of Hamon-gog.
16 And also the name of the city shall be Hamonah. Thus shall they cleanse
the land.

17 ¶ And, thou son of man, thus saith the Lord GOD; Speak unto every
feathered fowl, and to every beast of the field, Assemble yourselves, and
come; gather yourselves on every side to my sacrifice that I do sacrifice
for you, even a great sacrifice upon the mountains of Israel, that ye may
eat flesh, and drink blood.
18 Ye shall eat the flesh of the mighty, and drink the blood of the
princes of the earth, of rams, of lambs, and of goats, of bullocks, all of
them fatlings of Bashan.
19 And ye shall eat fat till ye be full, and drink blood till ye be
drunken, of my sacrifice which I have sacrificed for you.
20 Thus ye shall be filled at my table with horses and chariots, with
mighty men, and with all men of war, saith the Lord GOD.
21 And I will set my glory among the heathen, and all the heathen shall
see my judgment that I have executed, and my hand that I have laid upon
them.
22 So the house of Israel shall know that I am the LORD their God from
that day and forward.

23 ¶ And the heathen shall know that the house of Israel went into
captivity for their iniquity: because they trespassed against me,
therefore hid I my face from them, and gave them into the hand of their
enemies: so fell they all by the sword.
24 According to their uncleanness and according to their transgressions
have I done unto them, and hid my face from them.
25 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Now will I bring again the captivity
of Jacob, and have mercy upon the whole house of Israel, and will be
jealous for my holy name;
26 After that they have borne their shame, and all their trespasses
whereby they have trespassed against me, when they dwelt safely in their
land, and none made them afraid.
27 When I have brought them again from the people, and gathered them out
of their enemies' lands, and am sanctified in them in the sight of many
nations;
28 Then shall they know that I am the LORD their God, which caused them to
be led into captivity among the heathen: but I have gathered them unto
their own land, and have left none of them any more there.
29 Neither will I hide my face any more from them: for I have poured out
my spirit upon the house of Israel, saith the Lord GOD.)

Ezekiel 37 speaks of the restoration of Israel known as the valley of
dry bones. This chapter has been partly fulfilled with Israel reformed as
a nation in May 1948 and will be completed during the millennium. Then we
see in Ezekiel 38-39 the attack on Israel and the Battle of Gog and Magog.
Ezekiel 38:1-7 speaks of the nations that will join together to attack
Israel. We know for sure what some of the nations are, but there is some
disagreement on some nations. (Ezekiel 38:1-7 And the word of the
LORD came unto me, saying,
2 Son of man, set thy face against Gog, the land of Magog, the chief
prince of Meshech and Tubal, and prophesy against him,
3 And say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against thee, O Gog, the
chief prince of Meshech and Tubal:
4 And I will turn thee back, and put hooks into thy jaws, and I will bring
thee forth, and all thine army, horses and horsemen, all of them clothed
with all sorts of armour, even a great company with bucklers and shields,
all of them handling swords:
5 Persia, Ethiopia, and Libya with them; all of them with shield and
helmet:
6 Gomer, and all his bands; the house of Togarmah of the north quarters,
and all his bands: and many people with thee.
7 Be thou prepared, and prepare for thyself, thou, and all thy company
that are assembled unto thee, and be thou a guard unto them.) Verse 2 says
the leader of this attack is Gog who is from the land of Magog. Magog
refers to Russia and Gog will be the leader of Russia whoever that may be
at the time of the attack. Today the leader of Russia can invade a country
without getting any permission from anyone else. This was seen when Putin
invaded Ukraine and even some of the oligarchs never knew he was going to
invade or other members of the Federal Assembly. Ezekiel 38:15 and 39:2
says Magog is from the north parts and if you go as far north from Israel
as you can, you end up in Russia. (Ezekiel 39:2 And I will turn thee back,
and leave but the sixth part of thee, and will cause thee to come up from
the north parts, and will bring thee upon the mountains of Israel:) Magog
was one of the sons of Japheth as are some of the other nations listed. He
settled in the land that is now Russia. (Genesis 10:2 The sons of Japheth;
Gomer, and Magog, and Madai, and Javan, and Tubal, and Meshech, and
Tiras.) Those in Africa are from Ham. Meshech was the old name of the
capital of Russia, today known as Moscow. Tubal is said to be a city in
Siberia. Gog who is the leader of Russia is the leader of these places.
Some theologians say these places refer to Turkey and some say Meschech
refers to parts of Georgia and Ukraine as well which is possible if Russia
is able to take over parts of Ukraine. Verse 6 mentions the nations of
Persia, Ethiopia, and Libya. Persia is Iran. Iran was known as Persia
until 1935. Ethiopia and Libya still exist though some say this also
includes parts of Sudan and other nations such as Algeria and Eritrea.
Others also say some of the Muslim nations that were formerly a part of
the Soviet Union will be a part of the attack including Kazakhstan,
Uzbekistan, Turkmenistan, and possibly Afghanistan. Afghanistan just
recently gained control of a large collection of US military weapons
thanks to Biden our incompetent traitorous president. Regardless of which
nations are involved with Russia, these all have in common that they are
Muslim nations with Muslims having a long history of hatred against
Israel. Russia also has a large Muslim population. Some of these nations
have been forming alliances with Russia over recent years such as Iran and
Russia has long supplied many of these nations with weapons. Turkey has
become more anti-America and anti-West. Verse 6 mentions Gomer which most
people believe refers to Germany. Gomer settled in the area that is today
Germany and Germany has a large Muslim population and would like to regain
some of her lost glory and power. Togarmah is believed to be part of
Turkey as well as the "Stan nations" that were parts of the old Soviet
Union that I mentioned. Verse 6 also says many people with them and this
is why it is believed there will be other nations not listed by name in
these verses. We know for sure that Iran, Ethiopia, and Libya will all be
involved as they are all here today by name. Whatever nations that will be
involved, it will happen no matter what. Russia will not be destroyed
whatever the outcome of her current war as she will survive another day to
lead the battle against Israel. The sanctions will not work.

Ezekiel 38:9 says they shall come upon Israel like a storm and they
will be like a cloud covering the land. This refers to a great invasion
force very large in numbers of people. Verse 11 says they will come up
against unwalled villages and a people at rest. In Ezekiel's day, all
cities had walls around them to defend against attack. Today most cities
including those in Israel do not have walls, as modern weapons such as
aircraft, bombs, missiles, tanks, and other weapons have made walls of no
effect. Verse 14 also says Israel will be at peace when the attack occurs.
Israel is not fully at peace (rest), but close to it as she has been
signing peace treaties with her surrounding neighbors due to the efforts
of President Trump. Things are falling into place for this coming
invasion. Verse 12 says the invaders have come for a spoil. God has
blessed Israel with great wealth and resources since her return as a
nation just as scripture predicted. Israel supplies Europe with most of
its fruit and other food as well as other resources. Israel has large
amounts of natural gas as well as one of the world's largest deposits of
shale oil and God says large amounts of oil will be found in the future
land of the tribe of Asher. (Deuteronomy 33:24 ¶ And of Asher he said, Let
Asher be blessed with children; let him be acceptable to his brethren, and
let him dip his foot in oil.) Zion Oil is exploring this area now looking
for oil and when the time is right I believe God will allow them to find
it. Israel has many other products such as flowers and other resources
that many nations are envious of. I believe these are the spoils the
invaders come after along with gold, silver, cattle, and arts as verse 13
says. I believe when the oil is found in Asher then this will trigger the
invasion to happen. Verse 13 mentions the nations of Sheba and Dedan and
the merchants of Tarshish with all of the young lions who watch all of
this attack unfold and just sit back and watch. It is not clear what these
nations are but they may refer to Saudi Arabia or some other Arab nation.
These nations say are you coming for a spoil which may refer to they make
threats or sanctions against the attacking nations, but they ignore them
and attack anyway. Some have said Tarshish refers to Great Britain with
"the young lions" referring to nations that came from her as her former
colonies. This would include the USA and this would make sense as our
nation under the liberals has become very anti-Israel, though on the
surface we appear to be a friend of Israel, hence we scold the invaders,
but just sit back and watch. The lion has long been the symbol of England.
No nation will help Israel. Verse 16 again shows that the invaders will be
as a cloud in the land showing mass amounts of troops as part of the
invasion. Verse 15 says they will be a great company and a mighty army.
Verse 15 says they will be riding on horses and verse 4 also mentions all
of the horsemen (cavalry). Verse 8 mentions how the invaders will come
over the mountains. Many people have said these refer to tanks rather than
horses and though that might be possible, I do believe many literal horses
will be used as horses can cross mountains and tanks cannot. The US Army
used horses at times in the mountains of Afghanistan and today Russia has
horses in its army for the sole purpose of getting equipment over the
mountains. Russia has lost a huge amount of tanks in the war with Ukraine
and is unable to build more tanks due to lack of computer chips. This may
force Russia to use horses just as scripture says. In verse 18 we see how
when the invaders come against Israel, God intervenes against the
attackers supernaturally to protect Israel from destruction. In verse 19
God will bring a great earthquake in Israel that will throw down mountains
and will cause all of the people on earth to quake at the presence of God
as they will know this came from God. Verse 21 says God will cause the
invaders to fight against one another "his brother" rather than against
Israel. Verse 22 shows God will bring pestilence (disease) against the
invaders as well as he will rain down fire and brimstone (sulphur) from
heaven as well as great hailstones. These things will be done to destroy
the invaders. It is possible that the pestilence will be from biological
weapons of the invaders that were intended for use against Israel, but God
turns them against the invaders. Some have said that this rain of fire
from heaven refers to Israel using nuclear missiles to destroy the
invaders. That is possible, but I believe verse 23 shows that God will be
responsible with real fire, hail, and brimstone. Verse 23 says God will do
these things so that many nations will know that God is LORD. People will
know this is a supernatural protection by God to protect Israel. Israel
will see this and will as a nation turn back to God and away from her
current attitude. Today many Jews are atheist or very liberal in their
theology and hardly acknowledge God. This will open the eyes of the
Israeli Jews that God is real. They still will not be saved as they will
still reject Jesus as their Messiah until the end of the great
tribulation, but the nation will go back to worship as the old testament
says. They will soon rebuild the temple and restart sacrifices. I believe
this battle will help bring in the antichrist to bring "peace" to Israel
and the rest of the world as the world leader. This will allow Israel to
rebuild their third temple. The fact that most of the Muslim nations will
be destroyed will also help.  

In Ezekiel 39 we see again in verse 1 that Gog is the chief prince of
Meshech and Tubal and how in verse 2 God will turn them back away from
Israel. In verse 2 God says he will destroy 5/6 of the invaders, allowing
1/6 to return to be a testimony of what happened. Large numbers of people
will be dead and I believe this will signal the end of the power of Russia
and most of the Arab nations. If only 500,000 troops are involved in the
invasion that will leave 416,666 dead. Some have said the antichrist will
be a Muslim, but I disagree for many reasons, but one reason being the
Arabs will mostly be dead and without any military as will Russia. This
will allow many of the remaining Muslims to come under the control of the
pope and the Roman Catholic Church due to the connection of Mary. Verse 2
and verse 5 show many will be dead in the mountains and the fields. Verse
6 says God will send fire on Magog so that they will know he is the LORD.
Verse 7 shows as I previously mentioned that Israel as a nation will turn
to God and away from her secular beliefs. The whole world will know that
Jehovah is her God.

Verse 9 says the cities will burn all of the weapons of the invaders
including the shields, bucklers, bows and arrows, handstaves (may refer to
a club), and spears. These weapons will all be made of wood and will burn.
Russia for years now has been making their firearms and some say even
tanks out of lignostone which is a wood based material that is compressed
and stronger than steel, but it also burns well and is said to be a better
fuel than coal, so when people ask how can Israel burn modern weapons this
is how. Most of these same weapons are sold by Russia to Muslim nations so
their weapons would also burn. God and scripture are always right. The
Netherlands, who actually developed lignostone, actually uses it for fuel.
Weather this refers to literal bow and arrows and others as mentioned has
been debated, but it is possible that these are used since they are
traversing the mountains and getting armored vehicles across is very hard
or impossible. Some have said the arrows refer to missiles and possibly
nuclear missiles as this is why all body parts must be collected since
they would contain radiation. It may be a combination of these things.
Only time will tell. They will have recovered so much that it will take
seven years to burn all the weapons and the Jews will not need to cut down
any trees for wood. Israel now spoils the invaders who came to spoil them
as verse 10 says. I believe this shows why view three that this battle
occurs at the middle of the tribulation is incorrect as this would mean
that the Jews were still burning weapons during the millennium. This is
why I believe it will be either before the rapture or start shortly after
the rapture before the tribulation starts or near so that the seven years
does not enter the millennium. It cannot start just after the start of the
tribulation since the antichrist has a peace treaty with Israel to protect
her and this will not be broken until the mid-point of the tribulation so
no one would be able to attack Israel during this time. Some theologians
have said that the Jews would not be burning the weapons when in Petra for
the last 3.5 years of the tribulation so the battle must be at least 3.5
years before the tribulation. That is possible, but if so then I do not
believe the rapture would have happened yet as they believe or else there
would be too much chaos before the antichrist took over. Whenever the
timing for the battle is, it will all unfold as told in scripture. The
tribulation will most likely start shortly after the rapture since the
chaos that ensues due to the rapture will most likely help the antichrist
come to power, but scripture does not say it has to. In theory the
tribulation could start years after the rapture. As I said earlier I
believe this battle will help bring in the antichrist as well by having
him guaranteeing peace to Israel which when signed starts the seven year
tribulation. This is why I believe the Battle of Gog and Magog will either
be between the rapture and the start of the tribulation or just before the
rapture as shortly after the battle as the antichrist makes his appearance
and before signing the peace treaty with Israel, then we get raptured out.

Verses 11-16 speaks of the enemy dead. There will be so many dead
that the land will smell of death as verse 11 says (stop the noses of
passengers). It will even be smelt by those on the sea. The dead will be
buried in a valley called Hamon-gog named for the dead leader of the
battle, Gog. Verse 12 says it will take seven months to bury the dead
showing the amount of dead. This is done to cleanse the land as the land
is holy land as the people turn back to God. The whole nation as verse 13
says will assist in burying the dead and God will be glorified. Verse 14
says that men will be employed just to go out and search the land for the
dead. Those who are searching for bodies along with anyone who finds a
bone are to mark them including even if just a bone or fragment with a
sign until they can be buried in the valley of Hamon-gog. Verse 16 says
again this is done to cleanse the land. Not only is Israel holy ground,
but dead people also bring about many diseases if not buried. Some have
also speculated that it is possible that it was urgent to recover not just
the dead, but including every bone fragment since they may have been
radioactive due to the use of nuclear weapons by Israel, Russia and Iran,
or all of them. It is possible that nuclear weapons will be used, but
scripture is not clear on this, but if they are used against Israel it
seems that God destroys them before harming Israel.

Verses 17-22 show how God has told all of the birds to eat of the
dead as a feast from God. They will eat of the mighty and the princes and
drink their blood as well as the horses until they are full. This speaks
of how Gog himself is dead and maybe literal princes from other nations or
at least their leaders. God will tell the birds the same thing after the
Battle of Armageddon. (Revelation 19:17-18 And I saw an angel standing in
the sun; and he cried with a loud voice, saying to all the fowls that fly
in the midst of heaven, Come and gather yourselves together unto the
supper of the great God;
18 That ye may eat the flesh of kings, and the flesh of captains, and the
flesh of mighty men, and the flesh of horses, and of them that sit on
them, and the flesh of all men, both free and bond, both small and great.)
Verse 22 again shows that from that day forward and forever the Jews will
know that the LORD (Jehovah) is their God.

Verses 23-29 show how the heathen (Gentile nations) will know that
Israel was under captivity because of her iniquity (sin), but that God has
brought her back to her own land (May 1948). Verse 29 says God will now
bless Israel henceforth from the end of this Battle of Gog and Magog.
These verses speak of God bringing his people back to Israel. This has
been happening for many years as Jews from all over the world have
returned to Israel. The current war between Russia and Ukraine has seen
many Ukrainian Jews flee to Israel and many from Russia have been pouring
in the last few years as well. The battle of Gog and Magog may cause the
last remaining Jews in Russia to return to Israel in a great Exodus as was
seen when the Israelites left Egypt.

Scripture seems to tell of a future event that most likely will happen on
passover as the Jews have a great exodus from Russia just as they did from
Egypt. It seems that one day they will celebrate the exodus from Russia in
place of the exodus from Egypt on passover. These Russian Jews will return
to the land of Israel. This may occur because of the Battle of Gog and
Magog when Russia attacks and invades Israel along with many Muslim
nations and God intervenes supernaturally just as he did in Egypt. Many
Jews have been leaving Russia for years, but scripture seems to tell of
one great final exodus. (Jeremiah 31:8 Behold, I will bring them from the
north country, and gather them from the coasts of the earth, and with them
the blind and the lame, the woman with child and her that travaileth with
child together: a great company shall return thither.) This exodus seems
to also include Jews coming back to Israel from all over the world so it
may be after Israel signs the "peace" treaty with the antichrist.
(Jeremiah 16:14-15 ¶ Therefore, behold, the days come, saith the LORD,
that it shall no more be said, The LORD liveth, that brought up the
children of Israel out of the land of Egypt;
15But, The LORD liveth, that brought up the children of Israel from the
land of the north, and from all the lands whither he had driven them: and
I will bring them again into their land that I gave unto their fathers.)
In scripture the land of the north is Russia as all directions are from
Jerusalem and the nation farthest north is Russia.

The Battle of Gog and Magog will be happening soon along with the
rapture, the tribulation, and the second coming of Jesus so if someone is
not saved they need to get saved now by admitting they are a sinner and
call upon Jesus to save them. For those people who live in the nations
that will be part of the attack on Israel, God may destroy the leaders who
are evil, but he loves the individual people that live in these nations
and Jesus will save those who call upon him. For those in the military in
these nations do not participate in the attack on Israel or God's wrath
will come upon you. For Jews, do not wait until the battle begins to
realize that Jehovah is LORD and that Jesus is your messiah. Call upon
Jesus now.        

Search for: _____________________  [ Search ]

Recent Comments

Archives

Categories

• No categories

Meta

• Log in
• Entries feed
• Comments feed
• WordPress.org

Created my free logo at LogoMakr.com

Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Copyright (c) 2024 Jesus is God and Lord Ministries | Credits
Powered by Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

