Link: profile
Link: dns-prefetch
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Feed (alternate)
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Comments Feed (alternate)
Link: preconnect
Link: preconnect
Link: https://api.w.org/
Link: alternate
Link: RSD (EditURI)
Link: canonical
Link: shortlink
Link: alternate
Link: alternate
Skip to content
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Ye Must Be Born Again

Main Menu

• HOME
• STORE
• ABOUT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD MINISTRIES
• BELIEFS
• CONTACT
• KING JAMES BIBLE TO READ AND LISTEN TO
• KING JAMES BIBLE WORDS AND PHRASES DEFINED
• WHY WE MUST BE BORN AGAIN
• WHAT MUST I DO TO BE SAVED (BE BORN AGAIN), HAVE ETERNAL LIFE AND GO
TO HEAVEN?
• NOW THAT I AM A BORN AGAIN CHRISTIAN, HOW DO I GROW (MATURE)?
• PROOF THAT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD
• SERMONS AND SCRIPTURE LESSONSMenu Toggle

• 3:16 Verses
• Abraham the obedient father and type of God the Father
• According to the word of the LORD
• Alleged Contradictions in Scripture
• Angels and spiritual beings
• Animals Teaching Man  
• Be like Jesus
• Be Thankful
• Bread in Scripture
• Christian Martyrs for Jesus
• Colors in Scripture
• Curse Israel and you will be cursed
• Dangers of Calvinism
• Deadliest battles in scripture
• Deserts in scripture and in our lives
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism
• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freedom and Liberty come from God
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise
• From the resurrection to the ascension
• Genealogies of Jesus
• Gifts of the Holy Ghost
• God is Light
• God is Love
• God the Holy Ghost
• Halloween and the connection to Satan
• Honour Thy Mother
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus is the door that all must enter for everlasting life
• Jesus is the Light of the World and Christians Should Reflect
that Light
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jesus versus Mohammad
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Jonah
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Jude
• Malachi   
• Martyrs in the Lord's Army
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Nahum
• Nehemiah 3 and the ten gates of the Jerusalem wall
• Obadiah
• Our Nation Was Founded Upon God
• Philemon
• Prayer
• Pre-incarnate Appearances of Jesus (Theophanies)
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Proof that Jesus is God
• Prophecies Fulfilled by Jesus at his First Coming
• Prophecies of the Second Coming of Jesus
• Psalm 23
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines
• Santa is Satan and his little elves are devils
• Serve in the Lord's Army
• Seven Vial Judgments of Revelation
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  
• Star of Bethlehem
• Thankful people in scripture  
• The Battle of Gog and Magog
• The Books of God
• The Crucifixion of Jesus
• The Egyptian gods and goddesses of the ten plagues and their
judgment and defeat by the God of gods
• The Exodus   
• The Good Samaritan
• The Gospel in Stone
• The Gospel in the Stars
• The Greatest Father Anyone Can Have And Everyone Needs
• The Handwriting of God
• The Illegal Trial of Jesus
• The King James Bible Built-in Dictionary
• The Miracles at the Crucifixion of Jesus
• The New Year's resolutions that need to be kept
• The Number Seven in Scripture
• The Number Three in Scripture  
• The Riotous Son
• The True Creationism of the Scriptures versus False Theories
• The Unscriptural Flat Earth Theory
• The Unscriptural Lucifer Flood  
• The Widow Woman and the Oil  
• The Word Became Flesh
• Types of the Holy Ghost in scripture
• Was Jesus born on Christmas?
• Was Jesus Crucified on Friday?
• Water in Scripture
• Weather in scripture
• Who are the sons of God of Genesis 6?
• Work is from God
• Worshipping God in psalms, hymns, and spiritual songs
• Zephaniah

• VIDEOS
• HYMNS
• FOR PRECIOUS JEWISH SOULSMenu Toggle

• Meet the Jewish Messiah
• False Religion of Judaism
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  

• FOR PRECIOUS ROMAN CATHOLIC SOULSMenu Toggle

• False Doctrines of Roman Catholicism
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• CULTSMenu Toggle

• Roman CatholicismMenu Toggle

• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism

• FALSE RELIGIONSMenu Toggle

• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise

• RECOMMENDED BOOKS FOR READING
• LINKS
• CHECKOUT
• New items are available in the store for purchase.

0

False Doctrines of Roman Catholicism

Roman Catholicism has many false doctrines (teachings) that
contradict scripture (Holy Bible [King James Bible]). Many come from their
Catechism of the Catholic Church (CCC) [tradition], some from their
perverted and corrupt bibles (they have many such as the New American
Bible [NAB], New Jerusalem Bible [NJB], and the Douay-Rheims bible. They
also frequently use what are so called Protestant bibles that have been
influenced by the Roman Catholic Church such as the Revised Standard
Version [RSV] and the New Revised Standard Version [NRSV] which are quoted
in their Catechism of the Catholic Church) and some from tradition not in
the Catechism of the Catholic Church. When scripture is used it usually is
twisted and taken out of context. I have used the latest version of the
Catechism of the Catholic Church (1997 Second Edition). The Catechism of
the Catholic Church is the final authority and the beliefs of the Roman
Catholic Church even if the lay Roman Catholic does not know it, believe
it or agree with it. This will be shortened to just Catechism when
described or quoted below. These are the latest teachings of the Roman
Catholic Church and not from hundreds of years ago, though the Roman
Catholic Church teachings have basically been similar though there may be
different wordings and some teachings have been added, so no one can say
that this is not what the Church teaches and believes today. I would not
want to be a part of it even if this was their former beliefs, but not
today, though most still are. Words in brackets are quoted from the
Catechism of the Catholic Church with the page number and paragraph
section in bold. Scripture is given after the Roman Catholic doctrine
showing how scripture contradicts the teachings of the Roman Catholic
Church. Scripture verses are from the King James Bible and are in
parenthesis. The Catechism uses Holy Spirit. I will be using Holy Ghost as
used in God's word, the King James Bible. When the Catechism says Church,
it is not speaking of the true church, but the Roman Catholic Church
(RCC). When I have "Church" this refers to the Roman Catholic Church.
Shown below are just some of the main ones. Most have more places in the
Catechism and scripture verses than are shown below. The parts that are
underlined are not like that in the Catechism, but are done by me for
emphasis as are underlined sections of scripture. Notice that many of the
Roman Catholic Church doctrines overlap into different sections of the
Catechism and so are found in many different places and many more than are
shown. The doctrines are all entwined together to support each other. The
Catechism usually refers to Jesus Christ only as Christ and this is also
often done in their bibles. "Christ" is the term usually used by the false
New Age religion. This makes it easier for when the antichrist comes to
trick (fool) people. Jesus said beware of those who come in my name. Jesus
said in (Matthew 24:5 For many shall come in my name, saying, I am Christ;
and shall deceive many.) See also Mark 13:6. Jesus said in (Luke 21:8 And
he said, Take heed that ye be not deceived: for many shall come in my
name, saying, I am Christ; and the time draweth near: go ye not therefore
after them.) Roman Catholicism doctrine says Roman Catholics are "Christ".

I challenge you (dare you) to read this entire text on Roman
Catholicism before you make judgment so that you may know the truth. The
truth hurts and will make you free. Jesus said in (John 8:32 And ye shall
know the truth, and the truth shall make you free.) I know this will make
you angry, but read on and let me explain my statements and defend them.
You should want the truth. If one said something to me about Baptists I
would not hate them, but would see if what they were saying was true. This
is all done in love so that precious Roman Catholic souls may know the
truth and be made free in Jesus. I as Jesus wish none should perish. Your
"first pope Peter inspired by the Holy Ghost said (II Peter 3:9 The Lord
is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count slackness; but is
longsuffering to us-ward, not willing that any should perish, but that all
should come to repentance.) If you do not want to listen to God, listen to
Peter.

Roman Catholics may not want to face the truth, but what is in the
Catechism of the Catholic Church is what the pope and the leaders of the
"Church" believe, or it would not be in the Catechism, whether the lay
Roman Catholic believes it or not or agrees with me. One cannot hide or
deny the truth that is presented before you. Not all false doctrines of
Roman Catholicism are shown.

["The Church, in her doctrine, life, and worship, perpetuates and
transmits to every generation all that she herself is, all that she
believes" (DV 8 §1).] (Page 29, 98)

1. Catechism of the Catholic Church is the final authority, not scripture:

The Catechism of the Catholic Church is the final authority on all
matters rather than scripture as scripture should be. They put man's words
influenced by Satan above God's word, but then again they do not have the
true word of God.

["In order that the full and living Gospel might always be preserved in
the Church the apostles left bishops as their successors. They gave them
'their own position of teaching authority.'" Indeed, "the apostolic
preaching, which is expressed in a special way in the inspired books, was
to be preserved in a continuous line of succession until the end of
time."] (Page 25, 77)

[This living transmission, accomplished in the Holy Spirit, is called
Tradition, since it is distinct from Sacred Scripture, though closely
connected to it. Through Tradition, "the Church, in her doctrine, life,
and worship perpetuates and transmits to every generation all that she
herself is, all that she believes." "The sayings of the holy Fathers are a
witness to the life-giving presence of this Tradition, showing how its
riches are poured out in the practice and life of the Church, in her
belief and her prayer."] (Page 25, 78)

["Sacred Scripture is the speech of God as it is put down in writing under
the breath of the Holy Spirit."

"And [Holy] Tradition transmitsin its entirety the Word of God which has
been entrusted to the apostles by Christ the Lord and the Holy Spirit. It
transmits it to the successors of the apostles so that, enlightened by the
Spirit of truth, they may faithfully preserve, expound, and spread it
abroad by their preaching."] (Page 26, 81)

[As a result the Church, to whom the transmission and interpretation of
Revelation is entrusted, "does not derive her certainty about all revealed
truths from the holy Scriptures alone. Both Scripture and Tradition must
be accepted and honored with equal sentiments of devotion and reverence."]
(Page 26, 82)

The Roman Catholic Church clearly commands Roman Catholics that they
must believe tradition and it is put on an equal stand with scripture.
Many Roman Catholics have admitted that if tradition and scripture
contradict each other, than tradition has the authority that one is to
believe. Scripture must always be the final authority on all matters,
never tradition.

["It is clear therefore that, in the supremely wise arrangement of God,
sacred Tradition, Sacred Scripture, and the Magisterium of the Church are
so connected and associated that one of them cannot stand without the
others. Working together, each in its own way, under the action of the one
Holy Spirit, they all contribute effectively to the salvation of souls."]
(Page 29, 95)

We see how tradition and "Church" leaders, the Magisterium,
contribute to salvation of souls. The Magisterium consists of all of the
"Church's" "infallible' leaders. These are the pope and bishops and they
determine all interpretation of "the Word of God" which they say consists
of tradition and scripture. They are wrong.

["Sacred Tradition and Sacred Scripture make up a single sacred deposit of
the Word of God", in which, as in a mirror, the pilgrim Church
contemplates God, the source of all her riches.] (Page 29, 97)

"Sacred Tradition" is the "Word of God". Only scripture of the King
James Bible is the word of God, not tradition or Roman Catholic bibles.

The Catechism says the Roman Catholic Church is holy. It is far from
being holy. It is the church of Satan, not God or Jesus.

["The Church... is held, as a matter of faith, to be unfailingly holy. ....]
(Page 218, 823)

Children attend Catechism classes, but are not sent to classes to
learn scripture (Holy Bible study classes). This again shows how the
"Church" places a priority on tradition over the word of God. Jesus said
in (Mark 7:13 Making the word of God of none effect through your
tradition, which ye have delivered: and many such like things do ye.)
Roman Catholicism by their actions replaces scripture with tradition and
makes scripture of none effect just as God said. Cults always put emphasis
on their added works over scripture.

2. Salvation is only through the Roman Catholic Church in order to be
saved and they are the only true church:

[To believe that the Church is "holy" and "catholic," and that she is
"one" and "apostolic" (as the Nicene Creed adds), is inseparable from
belief in God, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. In the Apostles'
Creed we profess "one Holy Church" (Credo . . . Ecclesiam), and not to
believe in the Church, so as not to confuse God with his works and to
attribute clearly to God's goodness all the gifts he has bestowed on his
Church.] (Page 197, 750)

CCC 750 clearly shows one must believe the "Church" is "holy" and is
equal with God. The Roman Catholic Church is far from being holy. It is
Satanic. The true church comes from God, not Roman Catholicism.

[To reunite all his children, scattered and led astray by sin, the Father
willed to call the whole of humanity together into his Son's Church. The
Church is the place where humanity must rediscover its unity and
salvation. The Church is "the world reconciled." She is that bark which
"in the full sail of the Lord's cross, by the breath of the Holy Spirit,
navigates safely in this world." According to another image dear to the
Church Fathers, she is prefigured by Noah's ark, which alone saves from
the flood.

"Outside the Church there is no salvation"] (Page 224, 845)

CCC 845 clearly teaches there is no salvation outside the "Church".
They are referring to the Roman Catholic Church and not the scriptural
true church of God made up of true believers. Roman Catholics are not
saved, so they cannot be the true "church". The church does not save
anyone. People who have never been in a church can still be saved, for
example the penitent thief on the cross. Many people in remote tribes of
the world are saved after hearing the gospel from missionaries yet do not
even know what a church is or what the "Church" is.

["The sole Church of Christ [is that] which our Savior, after his
Resurrection, entrusted to Peter's pastoral care, commissioning him and
the other apostles to extend and rule it.... This Church, constituted and
organized as a society in the present world, subsists in (subsistit in)
the Catholic Church, which is governed by the successor of Peter and by
the bishops in communion with him."

The Second Vatican Council's Decree on Ecumenism explains: "For it is
through Christ's Catholic Church alone, which is the universal help toward
salvation, that the fullness of the means of salvation can be obtained. It
was to the apostolic college alone, of which Peter is the head, that we
believe that our Lord entrusted all the blessings of the New Covenant, in
order to establish on earth the one Body of Christ into which all those
should be fully incorporated who belong in any way to the People of God."]
(Page 215, 816)

["This is the sole Church of Christ, which in the Creed we profess to be
one, holy, catholic and apostolic." These four characteristics,
inseparably linked with each other, indicate essential features of the
Church and her mission. The Church does not possess them of herself; it is
Christ who, through the Holy Spirit, makes his Church one, holy, catholic,
and apostolic, and it is he who calls her to realize each of these
qualities.] (Page 214, 811)

[The word "catholic" means "universal," in the sense of "according to the
totality" or "in keeping with the whole." The Church is catholic in a
double sense:

First, the Church is catholic because Christ is present in her. "Where
there is Christ Jesus, there is the Catholic Church." In her subsists the
fullness of Christ's body united with its head; this implies that she
receives from him "the fullness of the means of salvation" which he has
willed: correct and complete confession of faith, full sacramental life,
and ordained ministry in apostolic succession. The Church was, in this
fundamental sense, catholic on the day of Pentecost and will always be so
until the day of the Parousia.] (Page 220, 830) {Parousia normally is a
reference to the Second Coming of Jesus.}

CCC 830 says the "Church" is catholic meaning universal, again
showing they believe they are the only true church and all Christians must
be catholic. They also believe they gave us the Holy Bible which is not
true. The Eastern Orthodox Church and the Oriental Orthodox Church also
believe they are the Catholic Church and the one true church. The Roman
Catholic Church refers to herself as the Latin Rite to distinguish between
the Eastern and Oriental Orthodox Churches and officially calls herself
the Catholic Church. I refer to the "Church" as the Roman Catholic Church
and not the Catholic Church as its leaders call it to distinguish her from
the other "Catholic Churches". 

[How are we to understand this affirmation, often repeated by the Church
Fathers? Re-formulated positively, it means that all salvation comes from
Christ the Head through the Church which is his Body:

Basing itself on Scripture and Tradition, the Council teaches that the
Church, a pilgrim now on earth, is necessary for salvation: the one Christ
is the mediator and the way of salvation; he is present to us in his body
which is the Church. He himself explicitly asserted the necessity of faith
and Baptism, and thereby affirmed at the same time the necessity of the
Church which men enter through Baptism as through a door. Hence they could
not be saved who, knowing that the Catholic Church was founded as
necessary by God through Christ, would refuse either to enter it or to
remain in it.] (Page 224, 846)

CCC 846 shows how a Roman Catholic becomes a member of the "Church"
at baptism and that the "Church" is necessary for salvation. Jesus saves
us, not the "Church" or Mary or our "good works". Salvation is not through
the "Church", but only by the blood of Jesus. The true church made up of
scripturally born again believers is the body of Christ, not the false
"Church" of Roman Catholicism which is made up of unbelievers. The Roman
Catholic Church is the body of Satan.

[The duty of offering God genuine worship concerns man both individually
and socially. This is "the traditional Catholic teaching on the moral duty
of individuals and societies toward the true religion and the one Church
of Christ." By constantly evangelizing men, the Church works toward
enabling them "to infuse the Christian spirit into the mentality and
mores, laws and structures of the communities in which [they] live." The
social duty of Christians is to respect and awaken in each man the love of
the true and the good. It requires them to make known the worship of the
one true religion which subsists in the Catholic and apostolic Church.
Christians are called to be the light of the world. Thus, the Church shows
forth the kingship of Christ over all creation and in particular over
human societies.] (Page 511, 2105)

The true church consists of all born again believers according to the
definition of scripture where one has admitted they are a sinner and has
called upon Jesus to save them regardless of what denomination they belong
to and whether they have been baptized or not. True Christians are members
of the body of Christ. (I Corinthians 12:27 Now ye are the body of Christ,
and members in particular.) (I Peter 1:18-19 18 Forasmuch as ye know that
ye were not redeemed with corruptible things, as silver and gold, from
your vain conversation received by tradition from your fathers;
19 But with the precious blood of Christ, as of a lamb without blemish and
without spot:)  These two verses show we are saved by the precious blood
of Jesus, not by tradition from your fathers as the "Church" teaches.

Here are just some verses that show salvation is by Jesus, not the
Roman Catholic Church. (Romans 10:9-10 9 That if thou shalt confess with
thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath
raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.
10 For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth
confession is made unto salvation.) (Romans 10:13 For whosoever shall call
upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.) Romans 10:13 clearly says
whosoever calls upon Jesus, not the "Church" shall be saved. This verse
also shows Mary, the pope, works, baptism, nor anyone or anything else
will save you. (Acts 16:30-31 30 And brought them out, and said, Sirs,
what must I do to be saved?
31 And they said, Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be
saved, and thy house.) Jesus said in (John 6:47 Verily, verily, I say unto
you, He that believeth on me hath everlasting life.) Jesus said in (John
3:16 ¶ For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son,
that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting
life.) (John 3:36 He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life: and
he that believeth not the Son shall not see life; but the wrath of God
abideth on him.) (Isaiah 43:11 I, even I, am the LORD; and beside me there
is no saviour.) Isaiah 43:11 clearly shows the LORD (Jesus) is our
Saviour, not the Roman Catholic Church or Mary. (Galatians 3:26 For ye are
all the children of God by faith in Christ Jesus.) [Ephesians 2:5 Even
when we were dead in sins, hath quickened us together with Christ, (by
grace ye are saved;)] (Ephesians 2:8 For by grace are ye saved through
faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God:) (II Timothy
2:10 Therefore I endure all things for the elect's sakes, that they may
also obtain the salvation which is in Christ Jesus with eternal glory.)
(II Timothy 3:15 And that from a child thou hast known the holy
scriptures, which are able to make thee wise unto salvation through faith
which is in Christ Jesus.) These verses and many more show that salvation
is by faith in Jesus and Jesus alone and not the "Church" or anything or
anyone else including Mary or baptism. Nowhere in scripture does it say it
is through the "Church". To agree with the leaders of the Roman Catholic
Church calls Jesus, the Holy Ghost, and the apostles liars.

A person, including newborns become members of the Roman Catholic
Church at the time they are baptized. See also CCC 846 above.

[Having become a member of the Church, the person baptized belongs no
longer to himself, but to him who died and rose for us. ....] (Page 323,
1269)

["Believing" is an ecclesial act. The Church's faith precedes, engenders,
supports and nourishes our faith. The Church is the mother of all
believers. "No one can have God as Father who does not have the Church as
Mother" (St. Cyprian, De unit. 6: PL 4, 519).] (Page 48, 181)

One can be saved without belonging to the Roman Catholic Church and
the church has no mother.

If the Roman Catholic Church is necessary for salvation, then how
were Old Testament people (saints) saved when the church did not exist
yet, so was not there to save them? They were saved by believing in Jesus
for their salvation (though they looked to the future, rather than how we
look to the past) the same way we are today. This is something for Roman
Catholics to think about. Again the "Church" is teaching unscriptural
doctrine.

For many years, most of Europe as well as places in South America had
Roman Catholicism as the "State Religion." Everyone was forced to pay
taxes to the "State" to help pay for the "Church" whether they were a
Roman Catholic or not and the "State" usually did not allow any other
religions. Roman Catholics were not to marry someone who was not a Roman
Catholic and this is still seen today if one plans on marrying in a Roman
Catholic church (local parish). This again is control of the people by
Roman Catholicism.

3. Salvation is only through continual good works:

["Fully incorporated into the society of the Church are those who,
possessing the Spirit of Christ, accept all the means of salvation given
to the Church together with her entire organization, and who - by the
bonds constituted by the profession of faith, the sacraments,
ecclesiastical government, and communion - are joined in the visible
structure of the Church of Christ, who rules her through the Supreme
Pontiff and the bishops. Even though incorporated into the Church, one who
does not however persevere in charity is not saved. He remains indeed in
the bosom of the Church, but 'in body' not 'in heart.'"] (Page 222, 837)

Notice how one must believe and obey all the sacraments,
ecclesiastical government, and communion and also must persevere in
charity or they are not saved. "Good works" according to the RCC are not
the same as good works in God's eyes.

[The authority of the Magisterium extends also to the specific precepts of
the natural law, because their observance, demanded by the Creator, is
necessary for salvation. In recalling the prescriptions of the natural
law, the Magisterium of the Church exercises an essential part of its
prophetic office of proclaiming to men what they truly are and reminding
them of what they should be before God.] (Page 492, 2036)

[The Council of Trent teaches that the Ten Commandments are obligatory for
Christians and that the justified man is still bound to keep them; The
Second Vatican Council confirms: "The bishops, successors of the apostles,
receive from the Lord . . . the mission of teaching all peoples, and of
preaching the Gospel to

every creature, so that all men may attain salvation through faith,
Baptism and the observance of the Commandments."] (Page 502, 2068)

["What good deed must I do, to have eternal life?" - "If you would enter
into life, keep the commandments" (Mt 19:16-17).] (Page 504, 2075)

CCC 2075 clearly shows you must do works of keeping the ten
commandments in order for eternal life. Scripture contradicts this and
says our works will never get us to heaven. One can only get there by the
blood of Jesus.

[The Decalogue contains a privileged expression of the natural law. It is
made known to us by divine revelation and by human reason.] (Page 504,
2080)

The Decalogue refers to the ten commandments. They were given to
Moses by God and then to us. "Human reason" had nothing to do with
revealing them to us. Human reasoning is one of the reasons we need the
ten commandments. Sin came about because man thought they could reason
without God.

(Ephesians 2:8-9 8 For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that
not of yourselves: it is the gift of God:
9 Not of works, lest any man should boast.) (Titus 3:5 Not by works of
righteousness which we have done, but according to his mercy he saved us,
by the washing of regeneration, and renewing of the Holy Ghost;) (Romans
3:28 Therefore we conclude that a man is justified by faith without the
deeds of the law.) Paul says in Romans that none doeth good. No one can do
good enough works to make it to heaven. (Romans 3:12 They are all gone out
of the way, they are together become unprofitable; there is none that
doeth good, no, not one.)

{.... For it is only through Christ's Catholic Church, which is "the
all-embracing means of salvation," that they can benefit fully from the
means of salvation. ....} (Vatican II, Decree on Ecumenism (Unitatis
Redintegratio), 3)

From the above we can see that during the Vatican II when the
"Church" was pushing for ecumenism, which is against God's word, and
pretending the "Church" had changed, though all it did was change some of
its terminology, it said in its Decree on Ecumenism, that the "Church"
supplies the full "means of salvation." This as seen is false, as
salvation is from Jesus, not the "Church". One may get saved whether they
go to church or not or ever did go. The "Church" is okay with ecumenism as
long as everyone changes to be like the Roman Catholic Church.

(I Samuel 15:22 And Samuel said, Hath the LORD as great delight in
burnt offerings and sacrifices, as in obeying the voice of the LORD?
Behold, to obey is better than sacrifice, and to hearken than the fat of
rams.) This verse shows how God would rather have someone obey his
commandments than to do works when they are for naught, even when done for
what one thinks is pleasing to the Lord or to do such "sacrifice' as the
"stations of the cross." Saul took animals and was going to sacrifice them
to the Lord, but God had told him to kill the animals and not sacrifice
them. Saul thought he was doing "good" for God, but God wants obedience
not sacrifice, even if done with good intents. This is what many Roman
Catholics do with their works. (Ephesians 5:11 And have no fellowship with
the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove them.) (Romans 13:12
The night is far spent, the day is at hand: let us therefore cast off the
works of darkness, and let us put on the armour of light.) Roman
Catholicism is darkness. It is of Satan, not God. Get out precious Roman
Catholic souls before it is too late. Get truly saved and do true good
works for the Lord and not the "Church." (Titus 1:16 They profess that
they know God; but in works they deny him, being abominable, and
disobedient, and unto every good work reprobate.) Romans Catholics profess
to know God, but the works they do are done for the wrong reasons. The
people asked Jesus how they might work the works of God. Jesus said in
verse 29 to believe on him (Jesus). (John 6:28-29 28 Then said they unto
him, What shall we do, that we might work the works of God?
29 Jesus answered and said unto them, This is the work of God, that ye
believe on him whom he hath sent.)

Jesus said in (Matthew 23:5 But all their works they do for to be
seen of men: they make broad their phylacteries, and enlarge the borders
of their garments,). Jesus was referring to the scribes and Pharisees, but
this verse equally applies to Roman Catholics. Works done by an unsaved
person or even a saved person for the wrong reasons (to be seen of men),
will be burnt up and account for nothing before Jesus.  Roman Catholics do
works for salvation and to try and lesson the time for themselves or
another person in purgatory. Both of these things are against what
scripture says. Jesus did the work for us on the cross and the Roman
Catholic does not need to work for salvation, but just repent and call
upon Jesus to save them.

4. Roman Catholics must be baptized in order to be saved and baptism is
the only way to be assured of going to heaven and one becomes a member of
the Roman Catholic Church after being baptized:

Baptism in Roman Catholicism is usually done by pouring water (known
by the "Church" as infusion) or sometimes by sprinkling (known by the
"Church" as aspersion) and usually as infants unless an adult converts to
Roman Catholicism.

[This sacrament is called Baptism, after the central rite by which it is
carried out: to baptize (Greek baptizein) means to "plunge" or "immerse";
the "plunge" into the water symbolizes the catechumen's burial into
Christ's death, from which he rises up by resurrection with him, as "a new
creature."] (Page 312, 1214)

CCC 1214 says the word baptism means immersion and represents being
buried with Christ, so why then do they not baptize by immersion. One
cannot die from a little water on the face or forehead. The Catechism says
it was originally stopped when the "Church" was being persecuted and for
those unable to be immersed. What about those who can be immersed? The
real reason is to justify baptizing newborn babies.

Usually "holy water" is used for baptism. This is water with a pinch
of salt that has supposedly been blessed by a priest. How can a priest who
is not saved in a scriptural sense, bless anything and make it "holy" when
he himself is not holy?

[...Baptism is necessary for salvation for those who have not yet been
reborn.] (Page 255, 980)

When talking to a Roman Catholic, be careful not to take them at
their word. Roman Catholics will say they are saved and are born again
Christians. They do not have the Biblical meaning in mind. They believe
one is saved or reborn after they are baptized. This is seen in CCC 980
above and CCC 1277 below. One is only truly saved and reborn (born again)
when they repent and ask Jesus to save them. Roman Catholics will often
use other words used by a true Christian, but again with different
meanings. All cults do this. They twist the meanings of words for their
doctrine and to have the appearance of true Christians.

[Baptism is birth into the new life in Christ. In accordance with the
Lord's will, it is necessary for salvation, as is the Church herself,
which we enter by Baptism.] (Page 324, 1277)

CCC 1277 shows again how baptism is necessary for salvation and also
the "Church" is necessary for salvation. CCC 1277 also shows how a person
becomes a member of the Roman Catholic Church at the moment they are
baptized. Baptism and the "Church" will not save anyone, only Jesus. A
person becomes a member of the church (body of Christ made up of all true
believers regardless of their denomination) at the moment they are truly
scripturally saved and not when they join a local church. If one is saved,
they are a member of the church even if they are not a member of a local
church or do not even go to church (though one should go).

[Holy Baptism is the basis of the whole Christian life, the gateway to
life in the Spirit (vitae spiritualis ianua), and the door which gives
access to the other sacraments. Through Baptism we are freed from sin and
reborn as sons of God; we become members of Christ, are incorporated into
the Church and made sharers in her mission: "Baptism is the sacrament of
regeneration through water and in the word."] (Page 312, 1213)

We are not reborn by baptism, but by Jesus. CCC 1213 again shows how
Roman Catholicism uses words of true Christianity, but with their own
false meanings.

[This sacrament is also called "the washing of regeneration and renewal by
the Holy Spirit," for it signifies and actually brings about the birth of
water and the Spirit without which no one "can enter the kingdom of God."]
(Page 312, 1215)

[The Lord himself affirms that Baptism is necessary for salvation. He also
commands his disciples to proclaim the Gospel to all nations and to
baptize them. Baptism is necessary for salvation for those to whom the
Gospel has been proclaimed and who have had the possibility of asking for
this sacrament. The Church does not know of any means other than Baptism
that assures entry into eternal beatitude; this is why she takes care not
to neglect the mission she has received from the Lord to see that all who
can be baptized are "reborn of water and the Spirit." God has bound
salvation to the sacrament of Baptism, but he himself is not bound by his
sacraments.] (Page 320, 1257)

CCC 1257 not only says baptism is necessary for salvation against
what scripture teaches, but also baptism is the only way a Roman Catholic
can be assured of going to heaven. As baptism does not save you, it can
assure no one of going to heaven. The penitent thief on the cross was not
baptized, but he was assured of going to heaven by Jesus himself. Nowhere
in scripture does it say we can be assured of going to heaven if we are
baptized. Scripture says very few people will go to heaven, yet there are
over 1.2 billion Roman Catholics alive today, not to mention all of those
who have died over the years. That is a lot of people as virtually all of
those have been baptized, so that would mean almost 100% of them did or
will go to heaven assuming they are the "one true Church" and only they
can be saved. God says the way to heaven is narrow. Jesus himself said in
(Matthew 7:13-14 ¶ Enter ye in at the strait gate: for wide is the gate,
and broad is the way, that leadeth to destruction, and many there be which
go in thereat:
14Because strait is the gate, and narrow is the way, which leadeth unto
life, and few there be that find it.) {Strait means narrow} Jesus was
talking about getting into heaven. (Luke 13:23-24 23 Then said one unto
him, Lord, are there few that be saved? And he said unto them,

24¶ Strive to enter in at the strait gate: for many, I say unto you, will
seek to enter in, and shall not be able.) Here in Luke, Jesus again said
few will go to heaven. Jesus said in Luke that there is a large harvest of
people that need to be saved, not that most people are saved. (Luke 10:2
Therefore said he unto them, The harvest truly is great, but the labourers
are few: pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest, that he would send
forth labourers into his harvest.) Do you precious Roman Catholic soul
want to believe the words of Jesus that few will go to heaven or believe
your "Church"?

[As regards children who have died without Baptism, the Church can only
entrust them to the mercy of God, as she does in her funeral rites for
them. Indeed, the great mercy of God who desires that all men should be
saved, and Jesus' tenderness toward children which caused him to say: "Let
the children come to me, do not hinder them," allow us to hope that there
is a way of salvation for children who have died without Baptism. All the
more urgent is the Church's call not to prevent little children coming to
Christ through the gift of holy Baptism.] (Page 321, 1261)

[By Baptism all sins are forgiven, original sin and all personal sins, as
well as all punishment for sin. In those who have been reborn nothing
remains that would impede their entry into the Kingdom of God, neither
Adam's sin, nor personal sin, nor the consequences of sin, the gravest of
which is separation from God.] (Pages 321-322, 1263)

Baptism does not remove the punishment for sins or forgive them and
removes none of them. Saved people will lose rewards in heaven and have
their works burned up due to their sins and those in hell will suffer
differently depending on their sins especially how many times they
rejected the true Jesus.

[Baptism not only purifies from all sins, but also makes the neophyte "a
new creature," an adopted son of God, who has become a "partaker of the
divine nature," member of Christ and co-heir with him, and a temple of the
Holy Spirit.] (Page 322, 1265)

(Acts 8:36-37 36 And as they went on their way, they came unto a
certain water: and the eunuch said, See, here is water; what doth hinder
me to be baptized?
37 And Philip said, If thou believest with all thine heart, thou mayest.
And he answered and said, I believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of God.)
Notice that the eunuch was only baptized after he believed and was saved
and he was baptized by immersion according to verses 38-39. The newer
Roman Catholic bibles (such as the New American Bible and the Jerusalem
Bible) remove verse 37 from their bible to protect the doctrine that
baptism is necessary for salvation. This verse is found in the older
Douay-Rheims bible because it belongs in it. The newer bibles are all
affected by the false Alexandrian cult from Satan.

Why would Paul be glad that he had only baptized a few people if
baptism was necessary for salvation? (I Corinthians 1:14 I thank God that
I baptized none of you, but Crispus and Gaius;) (I Corinthians 1:16-17 16
And I baptized also the household of Stephanas: besides, I know not
whether I baptized any other.
17 For Christ sent me not to baptize, but to preach the gospel: not with
wisdom of words, lest the cross of Christ should be made of none effect.)
Paul said Jesus sent him to preach the gospel, not to baptize, because
salvation is by Jesus, not baptism.

We see in scripture where people believed and were saved and then
baptized. Peter the alleged first pope according to the RCC (Roman
Catholic Church) led 3,000 people to the Lord. These people believed and
then were baptized. A newborn baby cannot believe before they are
baptized. (Acts 2:41 ¶ Then they that gladly received his word were
baptized: and the same day there were added unto them about three thousand
souls.) (Acts 18:8 And Crispus, the chief ruler of the synagogue, believed
on the Lord with all his house; and many of the Corinthians hearing
believed, and were baptized.) Notice people always believe, then are
baptized.

We see how the thief on the cross was saved and went that day to be
with Jesus in paradise. (Luke 23:43 And Jesus said unto him, Verily I say
unto thee, To day shalt thou be with me in paradise.) This verse disputes
several "Church" doctrines. The thief obviously was not saved by any "good
works" or he would not have been on the cross. He also was not able to be
baptized prior to his death, but was still saved. The thief also went
directly to paradise (also known as Abraham' bosom) which is where saved
people went prior to Jesus taking them to heaven immediately at his death
and was there with Jesus. Jesus took the paradise side of hell to heaven
when he rose from the grave on the third day. Today this side of hell is
empty, but the fiery side of hell (torment) is still full today with all
those who have died without Jesus as their Saviour. Paul later went to
paradise which was then and is now the third heaven were God's throne is.
The thief did not go to purgatory. Jesus never said he would spend time in
purgatory, but would be with Jesus that day in paradise (heaven). If a
Roman Catholic believes that the thief went to purgatory, then they are
saying even Jesus went there. The pope is supposed to be a better man than
this thief and should definitely have more "good works" yet even he is not
guaranteed to not spend time in purgatory according to the "Church". The
"Church" tries to explain away this verse in the Catechism to again
justify its doctrine of baptism saves. Jesus said in (Mark 16:16 He that
believeth and is baptized shall be saved; but he that believeth not shall
be damned.) Jesus said in (John 3:18 ¶ He that believeth on him is not
condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath
not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God.) (John 3:36 He
that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life: and he that believeth not
the Son shall not see life; but the wrath of God abideth on him.) All
three of these verses show that one needs to believe to be saved, not be
baptized. Jesus said in Mark 16:16 that one is damned if they do not
believe, not if they are not baptized. Jesus also said in John 3:18 that
one is not condemned if they believe, but is already condemned if they do
not believe. He did not say they are condemned (unsaved) because they were
not baptized. The Catechism and the "Church" tries to justify the thief
not being baptized, yet being saved by saying scripture does not say the
thief had not been baptized earlier in life prior to being crucified and
also that if one repents and has the desire to be baptized, but is not
able to be prior to their death, they will still be saved. This is just
another way to justify infant baptism and salvation by baptism. Both are
unscriptural. 

[For catechumens who die before their Baptism, their explicit desire to
receive it, together with repentance for their sins, and charity, assures
them the salvation that they were not able to receive through the
sacrament.] (Page 321, 1259)

5. Sacraments save:

The Roman Catholic Church has seven sacraments which are works that
must be done by Roman Catholics in order to be saved.

[The Church affirms that for believers the sacraments of the New Covenant
are necessary for salvation. "Sacramental grace" is the grace of the Holy
Spirit, given by Christ and proper to each sacrament. The Spirit heals and
transforms those who receive him by conforming them to the Son of God. The
fruit of the sacramental life is that the Spirit of adoption makes the
faithful partakers in the divine nature by uniting them in a living union
with the only Son, the Savior.] (Page 292, 1129)

[The whole liturgical life of the Church revolves around the Eucharistic
sacrifice and the sacraments. There are seven sacraments in the Church:
Baptism, Confirmation or Chrismation, Eucharist, Penance, Anointing of the
Sick, Holy Orders, and Matrimony. ...] (Page 289, 1113)

[It is through the sacrament of Penance that the baptized can be
reconciled with God and with the Church:

Penance has rightly been called by the holy Fathers "a laborious kind of
baptism." This sacrament of Penance is necessary for salvation for those
who have fallen after Baptism, just as Baptism is necessary for salvation
for those who have not yet been reborn.] (Page 255, 980)

CCC 980 shows how Roman Catholics believe they can lose their
salvation if they sin. This is false and a scare tactic of the Roman
Catholic Church.

[Baptism is the first and chief sacrament of the forgiveness of sins: it
unites us to Christ, who died and rose, and gives us the Holy Spirit.]
(Page 257, 985)

CCC 985 shows how one's works starts right from birth with baptism
and goes until their death. Baptism nor any of the other sacraments of the
"Church" will not forgive one's sins nor give us the Holy Ghost. Only
Jesus can forgive sins and one only receives the Holy Ghost after they are
truly saved by calling upon Jesus.

The sacraments are works that must be done by a Roman Catholic in
order to be saved. It was already shown above how works do not save you. A
person who is a true Christian should do good works to help people because
they are a Christian, not for salvation. The "Church" puts tradition above
God's word and commandments. God condemned the Pharisees for doing the
same thing. (Mark 7:7-9 7 Howbeit in vain do they worship me, teaching for
doctrines the commandments of men.
8 For laying aside the commandment of God, ye hold the tradition of men,
as the washing of pots and cups: and many other such like things ye do.
9 And he said unto them, Full well ye reject the commandment of God, that
ye may keep your own tradition.) (Mark 7:13 Making the word of God of none
effect through your tradition, which ye have delivered: and many such like
things do ye.) (Galatians 3:11 But that no man is justified by the law in
the sight of God, it is evident: for, The just shall live by faith.)

6. Mary saves and delivers souls from death:

["Finally the Immaculate Virgin, preserved free from all stain of original
sin, when the course of her earthly life was finished, was taken up body
and soul into heavenly glory, and exalted by the Lord as Queen over all
things, so that she might be the more fully conformed to her Son, the Lord
of lords and conqueror of sin and death." The Assumption of the Blessed
Virgin is a singular participation in her Son's Resurrection and an
anticipation of the resurrection of other Christians:

In giving birth you kept your virginity; in your Dormition you did not
leave the world, O Mother of God, but were joined to the source of Life.
You conceived the living God and, by your prayers, will deliver our souls
from death.^ 

. . . she is our Mother in the order of grace] (page 252, 966)

Roman Catholicism teaches that Mary delivers our souls from death.
Only Jesus can deliver our souls from death. It is only by believing and
fully trusting in Jesus as your Saviour that one can be saved and
delivered from death. Mary can no more deliver someone from death than
anyone else. Mary is in heaven and as all who die, they have no control
over people. Mary was just a person that God used as a vessel for Jesus to
come in the flesh as a man (incarnation). She is not God, Jesus is. Only
God can deliver someone from death.

["This motherhood of Mary in the order of grace continues uninterruptedly
from the consent which she loyally gave at the Annunciation and which she
sustained without wavering beneath the cross, until the eternal fulfilment
of all the elect. Taken up to heaven she did not lay aside this saving
office but by her manifold intercession continues to bring us the gifts of
eternal salvation....Therefore the Blessed Virgin is invoked in the Church
under the titles of Advocate, Helper, Benefactress, and Mediatrix."] (Page
252, 969)

The "Annunciation" is the time the angel Gabriel appeared before Mary
and announced she would give birth to Jesus, who would be God in the flesh
(incarnation) and the Saviour of the world. See Luke 1:26-38.

The Roman Catholic Church says Mary saves, God in scripture says
otherwise. CCC 969 says Mary by her intercession and "saving office"
brings us eternal salvation. Only Jesus saves and brings eternal
salvation. Teaching that Mary can save people and deliver souls from death
is heresy. (Acts 4:10-12 10 Be it known unto you all, and to all the
people of Israel, that by the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom ye
crucified, whom God raised from the dead, even by him doth this man stand
here before you whole.
11 This is the stone which was set at nought of you builders, which is
become the head of the corner.
12 Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name
under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved.) This verse refers
to Jesus, not Mary. Jesus said in (John 10:9 I am the door: by me if any
man enter in, he shall be saved, and shall go in and out, and find
pasture.) John 10:9 also denies how Roman Catholic teaching has Peter at
the gate of heaven to let people in and he has the key. Jesus lets people
in, not Peter. (John 14:6 Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth,
and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.) Jesus said he is
the why, not Mary to eternal life. (Isaiah 43:11 I, even I, am the LORD;
and beside me there is no saviour.) (Hosea 13:4 Yet I am the LORD thy God
from the land of Egypt, and thou shalt know no god but me: for there is no
saviour beside me.) These two verses clearly show there is no Saviour
except Jesus who is the LORD, not Mary. Joseph was told by the angel
Gabriel that her Son Jesus would be the Saviour of mankind. (Matthew 1:21
And she shall bring forth a son, and thou shalt call his name JESUS: for
he shall save his people from their sins.) He (Jesus) shall save, not her
(Mary). (Luke 2:11 For unto you is born this day in the city of David a
Saviour, which is Christ the Lord.) (II Timothy 1:10 But is now made
manifest by the appearing of our Saviour Jesus Christ, who hath abolished
death, and hath brought life and immortality to light through the gospel:)
(Titus 1:3-4 3 But hath in due times manifested his word through
preaching, which is committed unto me according to the commandment of God
our Saviour; 4 To Titus, mine own son after the common faith: Grace,
mercy, and peace, from God the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ our
Saviour.) We see in Titus 1:3 that God is our Saviour and then in verse 4
that it is Jesus showing he is God. Mary is not God, so she cannot be our
Saviour. Mary needed her own Saviour, so how can she be ours? (Luke
1:46-47 46 And Mary said, My soul doth magnify the Lord,
47 And my spirit hath rejoiced in God my Saviour.) This verse clearly
shows she knew she was a sinner and that she needed a Saviour and Jesus
was her Saviour.

Here are some verses by Peter who was supposed to have been the first
pope and knew Mary. Notice that Peter knew his and our Saviour was Jesus,
not Mary and also God (Jesus), not Mary who is not god. (II Peter 1:1
Simon Peter, a servant and an apostle of Jesus Christ, to them that have
obtained like precious faith with us through the righteousness of God and
our Saviour Jesus Christ:) (II Peter 1:11 For so an entrance shall be
ministered unto you abundantly into the everlasting kingdom of our Lord
and Saviour Jesus Christ.) (II Peter 3:18 But grow in grace, and in the
knowledge of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. To him be glory both now
and for ever. Amen.) (Psalm 55:16 As for me, I will call upon God; and the
LORD shall save me.) This verse shows if you call upon Jesus, he will save
you, not Mary. There are many other verses in scripture even some by Peter
which show how Jesus is our Saviour, not Mary. There is not even one verse
that says Mary is our Saviour. Do you want to believe God and Jesus, Peter
and God's word or do you want to believe the Roman Catholic Church for
your eternal salvation?

7. The pope is the vicar (substitute) of Jesus Christ, head of the
"Church" and speaks with the authority of Christ:

[The Pope, Bishop of Rome and Peter's successor, "is the perpetual and
visible source and foundation of the unity both of the bishops and of the
whole company of the faithful." "For the Roman Pontiff, by reason of his
office as Vicar of Christ, and as pastor of the entire Church has full,
supreme, and universal power over the whole Church, a power which he can
always exercise unhindered."] (Page 234, 882)

[The Pope enjoys, by divine institution, "supreme, full, immediate, and
universal power in the care of souls".] (Page 246, 937)

Paul tells us in I Corinthians that no man knoweth the things of God
(that includes the pope) and that the Holy Ghost teaches us (not the pope
or any other "Church" leaders or the "Fathers" of the "Church". (I
Corinthians 2:10-13 10 But God hath revealed them unto us by his Spirit:
for the Spirit searcheth all things, yea, the deep things of God.
11 For what man knoweth the things of a man, save the spirit of man which
is in him? even so the things of God knoweth no man, but the Spirit of
God.
12 Now we have received, not the spirit of the world, but the spirit which
is of God; that we might know the things that are freely given to us of
God.
13 Which things also we speak, not in the words which man's wisdom
teacheth, but which the Holy Ghost teacheth; comparing spiritual things
with spiritual.) We see in John how the Holy Ghost will be our Comforter
and teacher (not the pope or any other RCC leader). (John 14:26 But the
Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name,
he shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance,
whatsoever I have said unto you.) (John 16:13 Howbeit when he, the Spirit
of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth: for he shall not
speak of himself; but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak: and
he will shew you things to come.) We see from the above verse how the Holy
Ghost (Spirit) guides us into all truth, not the pope.

The pope as the supposed substitute of Jesus (Jesus can have no
substitute) here on earth should show similarities to Jesus. The pope
lives extravagantly and even has his own nation (Vatican City) and title
of Sovereign of the State of Vatican City. The pope is a king here on
earth, but Jesus is the King of kings. (I Timothy 6:15 Which in his times
he shall shew, who is the blessed and only Potentate, the King of kings,
and Lord of lords;) (Revelation 17:14 These shall make war with the Lamb,
and the Lamb shall overcome them: for he is Lord of lords, and King of
kings: and they that are with him are called, and chosen, and faithful.)
Jesus said his kingdom was not of this earth. The popes used to rule the
Papal States until Italy conquered them in 1870. There are some
disagreements over how long the popes had the Papal States, but it was
around 754 when they were founded and they separated from the Holy Roman
Empire in 1177, though the popes still had great control over the emperors
of the Holy Roman Empire as well as other Roman Catholic kings. The pope
as the Bishop of Rome is the ruler of the Holy See which consists of
Vatican City and some small areas around Rome. The Holy See is
administered by the Roman Curia (Latin for Roman Court), which is the
central government of the Catholic Church. The pope controls great wealth
through the Roman Catholic Church and wears fancy garments and has fancy
ceremonies. Jesus had no place to rest, was poor, and lived a very simple
life and walked everywhere he went. Jesus dressed simple like the people
of his day as well as the poor man he was. Jesus served the multitudes,
while the pope has servants for that. Jesus used his own name yet popes
take on a regal name. Why is that? Jesus was hated by most men while the
pope is loved by nearly everyone, Catholic or not. The "Church" has
persecuted true Christians as well as Jews throughout the "Church's"
history as well as has supported "holy wars' against the Jews and Muslims
to gain control of Jerusalem when God gave Jerusalem to Israel, not the
"Church". Israel has not been replaced by the "Church" though this is what
the "Church" taught and fulfilled in their actions with the replacement
theology. The popes helped the Nazis and other fascists escape after World
War II to South America by the "ratlines." Does having an earthly empire
or supporting Jew killing socialists sound like something Jesus would do?
The popes created antikings to try and remove kings that opposed them.
Does this sound like Jesus? Antipopes tried to dispose of the "real" pope
and gain their power and prestige. Does this sound like Jesus and what he
would do? The pope bows down to idols of Mary and others when Jesus
condemned idolatry. People worship the pope and say he is God. People kiss
the feet of the pope. The pope never refuses the worship or tells people
he is not God. Jesus accepted worship because he is God, but the pope is
not. Peter the supposed first pope refused worship by Cornelius, so why do
other popes accept it. (Acts 10:25-26 25 And as Peter was coming in,
Cornelius met him, and fell down at his feet, and worshipped him.
26 But Peter took him up, saying, Stand up; I myself also am a man.)

[The Roman Pontiff and the bishops are "authentic teachers, that is,
teachers endowed with the authority of Christ, who preach the faith to the
people entrusted to them, the faith to be believed and put into practice."
The ordinary and universal Magisterium of the Pope and the bishops in
communion with him teach the faithful the truth to believe, the charity to
practice, the beatitude to hope for.] (Page 491, 2034)

[Divine assistance is also given to the successors of the apostles,
teaching in communion with the successor of Peter, and, in a particular
way, to the bishop of Rome, pastor of the whole Church, when, without
arriving at an infallible definition and without pronouncing in a
"definitive manner," they propose in the exercise of the ordinary
Magisterium a teaching that leads to better understanding of Revelation in
matters of faith and morals. To this ordinary teaching the faithful "are
to adhere to it with religious assent" which, though distinct from the
assent of faith, is nonetheless an extension of it.] (Page 236, 892)

The pope as the pastor of the Roman Catholic Church is supposedly the
head of the "Church" and unhindered in his power (see CCC 882 above).
Scripture says Jesus is. (Ephesians 5:23 For the husband is the head of
the wife, even as Christ is the head of the church: and he is the saviour
of the body.) Jesus said the Comforter, who is the Holy Ghost, will be our
pastor and teacher, not the pope. Jesus said in these two verses in John:
(John 14:26 But the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father
will send in my name, he shall teach you all things, and bring all things
to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you.) (John 16:13 Howbeit
when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth:
for he shall not speak of himself; but whatsoever he shall hear, that
shall he speak: and he will shew you things to come.) The pope supposedly
speaks with the authority of Christ, but it is not the pope who does, but
the Holy Ghost. This is blasphemy to put the pope equal with Jesus and the
Holy Ghost. True Christians are given some authority over Satan in some
cases by the power of Jesus, but we do not speak with the authority of
Jesus. That is why one would say by the power vested in me by God, in
Jesus' name I command this devil to leave. It leaves because of Jesus, not
us and this is only done under special circumstances and after much prayer
and the individual being right with God. God does not have to allow you to
cast out a devil for example or do anything else.

The pope is supposed to be a direct successor from Peter with Peter
as the first pope. (See CCC 882 shown earlier) Peter was not a pope and
there is no evidence he even was ever in Rome. Peter himself said one time
he was in Babylon which was in modern day Iraq, nowhere near Rome. (I
Peter 5:13 The church that is at Babylon, elected together with you,
saluteth you; and so doth Marcus my son.) Peter wrote this epistle most
likely in Babylon. This was not too many years before his death, so not
much time to be pope. The Roman Catholic Church claims apostolic
succession from Peter as the one true church. Other cults do this as well.
The Eastern Orthodox Church also claims apostolic succession as the one
true church and also says she is Catholic. The Mormons also claim
apostolic succession. Obviously someone is wrong. Actually they are all
wrong.

The pope supposedly speaks for Jesus here on earth, yet Pope Francis
told Roman Catholics not to proselytize (witness for Jesus and lead people
to be saved) and try and convert them to Roman Catholicism. Pope Francis
said in December 2019 "It never occurred to me (and nor should it) to say
to a boy or a girl: 'You are Jewish, you are Muslim: come, be converted!'
You be consistent with your faith and that consistency is what will make
you mature. We are not living in the times of the crusades." The pope
admits how during the Crusades, Roman Catholics forced people to convert
and at other times in history. The pope said "The crusaders had defeated
the Muslims and then all the Muslims were lined up and at the front of the
line was a priest and a soldier. The priest stood in front of the
baptismal font and as each one approached, he would ask: 'Baptism or the
sword?' This happened in history!" The pope here is pushing ecumenicalism
by saying Jews and Muslims are also saved and have no need to be told
about Jesus. The pope said "But listen, the gospel is never, ever advanced
through proselytism," he continued. "If someone says he is a disciple of
Jesus and comes to you with proselytism, he is not a disciple of Jesus.
Proselytism is not the way; the Church does not grow by proselytism." The
pope also said "We are all the same, all children of God".  These quotes
are from www.breitbart.com. If the pope speaks for Jesus, then why does he
contradict Jesus? Jesus sent his disciples out to witness to the world and
then later gave the Great Commission in Matthew for all true Christians to
witness for him. (Matthew 28:19 ¶ Go ye therefore, and teach all nations,
baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy
Ghost:) Jesus in many places told his disciples to witness for him as well
as missionaries such as Paul were sent out. The Israelites were originally
meant to be a nation of witnesses for him. Proverbs says he who wins souls
is wise. (Proverbs 11:30 The fruit of the righteous is a tree of life; and
he that winneth souls is wise.) Obviously the pope is not wise and does
not speak for Jesus, but for Satan. Jesus commands us to witness, while
Satan wants people in hell. I guess we know who Francis serves. It is not
Jesus.

The prophets of the old testament when speaking for God would say
"Thus saith the LORD" yet the pope never says that when he is supposedly
speaking for God [Ex Cathedra].  

8. The pope is infallible in matters of faith and morals:

[In order to preserve the Church in the purity of the faith handed on by
the apostles, Christ who is the Truth willed to confer on her a share in
his own infallibility. By a "supernatural sense of faith" the People of
God, under the guidance of the Church's living Magisterium, "unfailingly
adheres to this faith."] (Page 235, 889)

["The Roman Pontiff, head of the college of bishops, enjoys this
infallibility in virtue of his office, when, as supreme pastor and teacher
of all the faithful - who confirms his brethren in the faith - he
proclaims by a definitive act a doctrine pertaining to faith or morals....
The infallibility promised to the Church is also present in the body of
bishops when, together with Peter's successor, they exercise the supreme
Magisterium," above all in an Ecumenical Council. When the Church through
its supreme Magisterium proposes a doctrine "for belief as being divinely
revealed," and as the teaching of Christ, the definitions "must be adhered
to with the obedience of faith." This infallibility extends as far as the
deposit of divine Revelation itself.] (Pages 235-236, 891)

CCC 891 also shows how the "Church" believes that the pope is the
Vicar of Christ when it says "as supreme pastor and teacher of all the
faithful". No man with the exception of Jesus was or is infallible (makes
no mistakes and not even capable of making a mistake). The pope is far
from being perfect in his morals.

Scripture teaches none are perfect in morals, not even the pope.
(Romans 3:10 As it is written, There is none righteous, no, not one:)
(Romans 3:23 For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;)
These verses say all have sinned and none are righteous. They do not make
exceptions for the Pope or Mary. The Holy Ghost as was seen earlier
teaches us our morals and truth.

9. All Roman Catholic leaders ("Church's shepherds") are also infallible
in matters of faith and morals:

[....To fulfill this service, Christ endowed the Church's shepherds with the
charism of infallibility in matters of faith and morals. ....] (Page 235,
890)

[The infallibility of the Magisterium of the Pastors extends to all the
elements of doctrine, including moral doctrine, without which the saving
truths of the faith cannot be preserved, expounded, or observed.] (Page
495, 2051)

The verses in Romans 3:10 and Romans 3:23 again show that there are
no exceptions for any Roman Catholic leaders. (Romans 3:10 As it is
written, There is none righteous, no, not one:) (Romans 3:23 For all have
sinned, and come short of the glory of God;) Everyone is a sinner and no
one has perfect morals.

10. Roman Catholic bishops are also vicars and legates (ambassadors) of
Christ:

["The bishops, as vicars and legates of Christ, govern the particular
Churches assigned to them by their counsels, exhortations, and example,
but over and above that also by the authority and sacred power" which
indeed they ought to exercise so as to edify, in the spirit of service
which is that of their Master.] (Page 236, 894)

As was seen with the pope who is supposed to be the "Vicar of
Christ", Jesus left the Holy Ghost for us, not bishops. As with the pope
why are the bishops all dressed up fancy, when Jesus was simple?

11. Mary was born without sin and remained sinless [Immaculate
Conception]:

This belief is referred to as Immaculate Conception by Roman
Catholics.

[The Fathers of the Eastern tradition call the Mother of God "the
All-Holy" (Panagia)nand celebrate her as "free from any stain of sin, as
though fashioned by the Holy Spirit and formed as a new creature." By the
grace of God Mary remained free of every personal sin her whole life
long.] (Page 124, 493)

[From among the descendants of Eve, God chose the Virgin Mary to be the
mother of his Son. "Full of grace," Mary is "the most excellent fruit of
redemption": from the first instant of her conception, she was totally
preserved from the stain of original sin and she remained pure from all
personal sin throughout her life.] (Page 128, 508)

[The Holy Spirit prepared Mary by his grace. It was fitting that the
mother of him in whom "the whole fullness of deity dwells bodily" should
herself be "full of grace."  She was, by sheer grace, conceived without
sin as the most humble of creatures, the most capable of welcoming the
inexpressible gift of the Almighty. It was quite correct for the angel
Gabriel to greet her as the "Daughter of Zion": "Rejoice." It is the
thanksgiving of the whole People of God, and thus of the Church, which
Mary in her canticle lifts up to the Father in the Holy Spirit while
carrying within her the eternal Son.] (Page 191, 722)

["Finally the Immaculate Virgin, preserved free from all original sin,
when the course of her earthly life was finished, was taken up body and
soul into heavenly glory, and exalted ....] (Page 252, 966)

This is a dangerous doctrine, bringing about Mary worship
(Mariolatry) as if she was a god. Mary was born with sin just as everyone
since the fall of man with the sole exception of Jesus. Again read these
verses. (Romans 3:10 As it is written, There is none righteous, no, not
one:) (Romans 3:23 For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of
God;) (Romans 3:12 They are all gone out of the way, they are together
become unprofitable; there is none that doeth good, no, not one.) These
verses as shown above with the pope says all have sinned. It does not say
all except Mary and the pope. Mary had to go to the temple and make a
sacrifice for her sins, not for Jesus who knew no sin. (II Corinthians
5:21 For he hath made him to be sin for us, who knew no sin; that we might
be made the righteousness of God in him.) This verse says Jesus knew no
sin, not Mary. (Luke 2:22-24 22 And when the days of her purification
according to the law of Moses were accomplished, they brought him to
Jerusalem, to present him to the Lord;
23 (As it is written in the law of the Lord, Every male that openeth the
womb shall be called holy to the Lord;)
24 And to offer a sacrifice according to that which is said in the law of
the Lord, A pair of turtledoves, or two young pigeons.) If Mary had no sin
in her then she would not need to be purified. Mary said she was a sinner
by saying she needed a Saviour. One who is sinless needs no Saviour. (Luke
1:46-47 46 And Mary said, My soul doth magnify the Lord,
47 And my spirit hath rejoiced in God my Saviour.) We again see in Romans
5:12 how all have sinned and there is no exception for Mary. (Romans 5:12
Wherefore, as by one man sin entered into the world, and death by sin; and
so death passed upon all men, for that all have sinned:)

Satan tried to exalt himself above God and that is what Satan is
doing with Roman Catholicism by exalting Mary and the pope above God
(Jesus and God the Father). (Isaiah 14:13 For thou hast said in thine
heart, I will ascend into heaven, I will exalt my throne above the stars
of God: I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation, in the sides
of the north:)

12. The Roman Catholic Church believes it can forgive sins:

[There is no offense, however serious, that the Church cannot forgive.
"There is no one, however wicked and guilty, who may not confidently hope
for forgiveness, provided his repentance is honest." Christ who died for
all men desires that in his Church the gates of forgiveness should always
be open to anyone who turns away from sin.] (Page 256, 982)

[Catechesis strives to awaken and nourish in the faithful faith in the
incomparable greatness of the risen Christ's gift to his Church: the
mission and the power to forgive sins through the ministry of the apostles
and their successors:

The Lord wills that his disciples possess a tremendous power: that his
lowly servants accomplish in his name all that he did when he was on
earth.

Priests have received from God a power that he has given neither to angels
nor to archangels.... God above confirms what priests do here below.

Were there no forgiveness of sins in the Church, there would be no hope of
life to come or eternal liberation. Let us thank God who has given his
Church such a gift.] (Page 256, 983)

Notice that they admit that not even angels have been given the power
to forgive sins. Why would he let men who are lower than angels share his
power to forgive sins? Only God can forgive sins.

[By Christ's will, the Church possesses the power to forgive the sins of
the baptized and exercises it through bishops and priests normally in the
sacrament of Penance.] (Page 257, 986)

[Since Christ entrusted to his apostles the ministry of reconciliation,
bishops who are their successors, and priests, the bishops' collaborators,
continue to exercise this ministry. Indeed bishops and priests, by virtue
of the sacrament of Holy Orders, have the power to forgive all sins "in
the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit."] (Page
367, 1461)

[Baptism is the first and chief sacrament of the forgiveness of sins: it
unites us to Christ, who died and rose, and gives us the Holy Spirit.]
(Page 257, 985)

Baptism does not save anyone and will not forgive any one of their
sins.

Scripture tells us that it is God who forgives sins, not the
"Church". We are to go to God, not a priest. (Hebrews 4:16 Let us
therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy,
and find grace to help in time of need.) (Ephesians 4:32 And be ye kind
one to another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, even as God for
Christ's sake hath forgiven you.) (Psalm 103:2-3 2 Bless the LORD, O my
soul, and forget not all his benefits:
3 Who forgiveth all thine iniquities; who healeth all thy diseases;)
{iniquities is sin} (II Chronicles 7:14 If my people, which are called by
my name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face, and turn
from their wicked ways; then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive
their sin, and will heal their land.) This passage refers to if people
will call upon God, not the "Church."

13. Mary is the intercessor for Roman Catholics and is given titles
reserved for Jesus:

[.... You conceived the living God and, by your prayers, will deliver our
souls from death.] (Page 252, 966)

[....Therefore the Blessed Virgin is invoked in the Church under the titles
of Advocate, Helper, Benefactress, and Mediatrix."] (Page 252, 969)

["This treasury includes as well the prayers and good works of the Blessed
Virgin Mary. They are truly immense, unfathomable, and even pristine in
their value before God. In the treasury, too, are the prayers and good
works of all the saints, all those who have followed in the footsteps of
Christ the Lord and by his grace have made their lives holy and carried
out the mission the Father entrusted to them. In this way they attained
their own salvation and at the same time cooperated in saving their
brothers in the unity of the Mystical Body."] (Page 371, 1477)

CCC 1477 shows how the "Church" says Mary by her prayers and good
works can save people. Jesus is the only one who can save and Mary who is
in heaven cannot intercede for people here on earth. True Christians still
living on earth can pray for people still alive here on earth and God may
answer their prayer, but dead people cannot do anything for us.

The Roman Catholic Church gives Mary titles and positions reserved
for Jesus Christ alone. The "Church" demotes Mary and promotes Mary above
Jesus. The "Church" does this many times, not just with Mary, but also the
pope and his titles and usually showing Jesus as a baby, leaving Jesus on
the cross so his work was not finished, and saying the priests have power
to command Jesus to come at their whim and have Jesus come into the bread
and wine of the Eucharist. Scripture does not back up the "Church". We see
below that only Jesus is our advocate, helper, mediator, and intercessor.

Mary is the "Advocate" of the Roman Catholic Church. Jesus says he is
our advocate before God the Father, not Mary. (I John 2:1 My little
children, these things write I unto you, that ye sin not. And if any man
sin, we have an advocate with the Father, Jesus Christ the righteous:)

Mary is the Helper of the "Church". God is our helper and deliverer,
not Mary. Scripture never says Mary helped anyone. (Psalm 54:4 Behold, God
is mine helper: the Lord is with them that uphold my soul.) (Hebrews 13:16
So that we may boldly say, The Lord is my helper, and I will not fear what
man shall do unto me.) (Psalm 34:7 The righteous cry, and the LORD
heareth, and delivereth them out of all their troubles.) (Psalm 97:10 Ye
that love the LORD, hate evil: he preserveth the souls of his saints; he
delivereth them out of the hand of the wicked.)

Mary is said to be the Benefactress of the Roman Catholic Church. No
one in scripture including Mary is ever called a benefactress. This is
unscriptural.

Mary is called the Mediatrix of the Roman Catholic Church. Scripture
never calls her that, but in fact says Jesus is our mediator and only
mediator. He does not share this with Mary or anyone else. (I Timothy 2:5
For there is one God, and one mediator between God and men, the man Christ
Jesus;) (Hebrews 8:6 But now hath he obtained a more excellent ministry,
by how much also he is the mediator of a better covenant, which was
established upon better promises.) (Hebrews 9:15 And for this cause he is
the mediator of the new testament, that by means of death, for the
redemption of the transgressions that were under the first testament, they
which are called might receive the promise of eternal inheritance.)
(Hebrews 12:24 And to Jesus the mediator of the new covenant, and to the
blood of sprinkling, that speaketh better things than that of Abel.)

We see that Jesus and the Holy Ghost are our intercessors before God
the Father, not Mary. The Roman Catholic Church gives her the titles of
Advocate and Mediatrix. An advocate and a mediator both intercede on
behalf of someone to try and help them. Mary does none of this. Jesus and
the Holy Ghost do. (Romans 8:34 Who is he that condemneth? It is Christ
that died, yea rather, that is risen again, who is even at the right hand
of God, who also maketh intercession for us.) (Hebrews 7:25 Wherefore he
is able also to save them to the uttermost that come unto God by him,
seeing he ever liveth to make intercession for them.) Those two verses are
talking about Jesus Christ. (Romans 8:26-27 26 Likewise the Spirit also
helpeth our infirmities: for we know not what we should pray for as we
ought: but the Spirit itself maketh intercession for us with groanings
which cannot be uttered.
27 And he that searcheth the hearts knoweth what is the mind of the
Spirit, because he maketh intercession for the saints according to the
will of God.) The two above verses shows how the Holy Ghost is our
intercessor and helper along with Jesus, but not Mary.

Mary is called "the Mother of the living" a title Adam gave to Eve.
(Genesis 3:20 And Adam called his wife's name Eve; because she was the
mother of all living.)

[At the announcement that she would give birth to "the Son of the Most
High" without knowing man, by the power of the Holy Spirit, Mary responded
with the obedience of faith, certain that "with God nothing will be
impossible": "Behold, I am the handmaid of the Lord; let it be [done] to
me according to your word." Thus, giving her consent to God's word, Mary
becomes the mother of Jesus. Espousing the divine will for salvation
wholeheartedly, without a single sin to restrain her, she gave herself
entirely to the person and to the work of her Son; she did so in order to
serve the mystery of redemption with him and dependent on him, by God's
grace:

As St. Irenaeus says, "Being obedient she became the cause of salvation
for herself and for the whole human race." Hence not a few of the early
Fathers gladly assert. . .: "The knot of Eve's disobedience was untied by
Mary's obedience: what the virgin Eve bound through her disbelief, Mary
loosened by her faith." Comparing her with Eve, they call Mary "the Mother
of the living" and frequently claim: "Death through Eve, life through
Mary."] (Pages 124-125, 494)

Life comes from God, not Mary. This is another example of the
"Church" saying salvation is by Mary, demoting Jesus.

[The Virgin Mary "co-operated through free faith and obedience in human
salvation" (LG 56). She uttered her yes "in the name of all human nature"
(St. Thomas Aquinas, STh III, 30, 1). By her obedience she became the new
Eve, mother of the living.] (Page 128, 511)

14. Mary was a perpetual (She stayed a virgin her whole life.) virgin:

[The deepening of faith in the virginal motherhood led the Church to
confess Mary's real and perpetual virginity even in the act of giving
birth to the Son of God made man. In fact, Christ's birth "did not
diminish his mother's virginal integrity but sanctified it." And so the
liturgy of the Church celebrates Mary as Aeiparthenos, the "Ever-virgin."]
(Page 126, 499)

[Mary "remained a virgin in conceiving her Son, a virgin in giving birth
to him, a virgin in carrying him, a virgin in nursing him at her breast,
always a virgin": with her whole being she is "the handmaid of the Lord".]
(Page 128, 510)

[Against this doctrine the objection is sometimes raised that the Bible
mentions brothers and sisters of Jesus. The Church has always understood
these passages as not referring to other children of the Virgin Mary. In
fact James and Joseph, "brothers of Jesus," are the sons of another Mary,
a disciple of Christ, whom St. Matthew significantly calls "the other
Mary." They are close relations of Jesus, according to an Old Testament
expression.] (Page 126, 500)

[.... In giving birth you kept your virginity; ....] (Page 252, 966)

We see from scripture that Mary had other sons (four [James, Joses,
Juda, and Simon]) and daughters (at least two) after the birth of Jesus.
She did not remain a virgin. The Catechism even has an explanation for
this in CCC 500 seen above to try and justify their false doctrine. It is
true that sometimes son can really mean grandson or other such relations,
but it is known by the context that it means son just as these verses
clearly make it known these are real brothers and sisters of Jesus and not
just as we say "brothers in Christ" or ones cousins. The "Church" wants
Mary to stay a virgin so she can remain "pure" and be worshipped as a god.
There is no reason to deny what scripture says. It clearly shows it is
referring to Mary the mother of Jesus and not another Mary as the "Church"
claims. The "Church" is again trying to deceive its parishioners. Who will
you trust; God and scripture or the "Church"? If they deceive on this
doctrine, how can you trust them on the other doctrines to be telling the
truth? (Mark 3:31-32 31 ¶ There came then his brethren and his mother,
and, standing without, sent unto him, calling him.
32 And the multitude sat about him, and they said unto him, Behold, thy
mother and thy brethren without seek for thee.) {Brethren means brothers.}
(Mark 6:3 Is not this the carpenter, the son of Mary, the brother of
James, and Joses, and of Juda, and Simon? and are not his sisters here
with us? And they were offended at him. ) Jesus is the carpenter referred
to here. Everyone knows Jesus was a carpenter, which makes sense since
carpenters build and design things just as Jesus is our Creator. Is the
"Church" trying to cover up this connection? (Galatians 1:19 But other of
the apostles saw I none, save James the Lord's brother.) This verse
clearly says the Lord's brother, not a relative of Jesus.

15. Sin of presumption:

The sin of presumption is when a Roman Catholic says and assumes they
will skip purgatory and go directly to heaven after they die. The Roman
Catholic Church does not want you to know that you can know that you are
going to heaven because if you know you are, you no longer need the
"Church" and will not pay to get a love one out of purgatory or perform
the "works" of the "Church".

[There are two kinds of presumption. Either man presumes upon his own
capacities, (hoping to be able to save himself without help from on high),
or he presumes upon God's almighty power or his mercy (hoping to obtain
his forgiveness without conversion and glory without merit).] (Page 507,
2092)

Scripture tells us we may know that we have eternal life. (I John
5:13 These things have I written unto you that believe on the name of the
Son of God; that ye may know that ye have eternal life, and that ye may
believe on the name of the Son of God.) God does not want people to live
in fear wondering if they were good enough to go to heaven. In scripture
we are told if one is saved we have everlasting life. This also goes
against the "Church" doctrine that one can lose their salvation. Scripture
shows that "once saved, always saved". God would not guarantee us
everlasting life or eternal life if we could lose our salvation. That
would make God a liar and he is not. Jesus said in (John 3:16 ¶ For God so
loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever
believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.) (John 3:36
He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life: and he that believeth
not the Son shall not see life; but the wrath of God abideth on him.)
Jesus said in (John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth
my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and
shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.)
Jesus said in (John 6:47 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth
on me hath everlasting life.) (Romans 6:23 For the wages of sin is death;
but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord.) These
verses clearly show that if one is saved they will always be saved. We see
Paul was assured he was going to heaven after his death to be with Jesus
in this verse. (Philippians 1:23 For I am in a strait betwixt two, having
a desire to depart, and to be with Christ; which is far better:) Paul knew
he would not have to spend time in purgatory and was assured of his
salvation and going to heaven. You can too. Just admit you are a sinner,
believe Jesus can save you and pray and ask Jesus to save you. Pray
something like this in your own words and mean it. "Lord Jesus, I am a
sinner in need of a Saviour. I believe Jesus died for my sins, was buried,
and rose again on the third day. I realize Roman Catholicism is false and
I turn to the true Jesus of scripture and ask Jesus to come into my heart
today and save me. Thank you Lord for saving me."

16. Purgatory:

Purgatory is the place where it is said that most Roman Catholics go
after they die to finish being purified so they can go to heaven. A few
will supposedly go straight to heaven, but one cannot assume they will be
one of them or according to the "Church" they are guilty of the sin of
presumption. Even the pope does not know if he will have to go to
purgatory or not. If even the alleged "infallible" leader of all Roman
Catholics cannot be assured of going directly to heaven, what hope does a
lay (average) Roman Catholic have? Trust scripture and not the Roman
Catholic Church. Purgatory is nothing more than what scripture calls hell.

[All who die in God's grace and friendship, but still imperfectly
purified, are indeed assured of their eternal salvation; but after death
they undergo purification, so as to achieve the holiness necessary to
enter the joy of heaven.] (Page 268, 1030)

[The Church gives the name Purgatory to this final purification of the
elect, which is entirely different from the punishment of the damned. The
Church formulated her doctrine of faith on Purgatory especially at the
Councils of Florence and Trent. The tradition of the Church, by reference
to certain texts of Scripture, speaks of a cleansing fire:

As for certain lesser faults, we must believe that, before the Final
Judgment, there is a purifying fire. He who is truth says that whoever
utters blasphemy against the Holy Spirit will be pardoned neither in this
age nor in the age to come. From this sentence we understand that certain
offenses can be forgiven in this age, but certain others in the age to
come.] (Pages 268-269, 1031)

The Roman Catholic Church admits that purgatory is not in scripture,
but is something they made up at the Councils of Florence (1431-1449) and
Trent (1563). The need for one to be in "purifying fire" is found nowhere
in scripture. The "Church" is again adding to scripture. Who will you
trust? The word of God preserved in the King James Bible or the Roman
Catholic Church and its false leaders.

[This teaching is also based on the practice of prayer for the dead,
already mentioned in Sacred Scripture: "Therefore [Judas Maccabeus] made
atonement for the dead, that they might be delivered from their sin." From
the beginning the Church has honored the memory of the dead and offered
prayers in suffrage for them, above all the Eucharistic sacrifice, so
that, thus purified, they may attain the beatific vision of God. The
Church also commends almsgiving, indulgences, and works of penance
undertaken on behalf of the dead:

Let us help and commemorate them. If Job's sons were purified by their
father's sacrifice, why would we doubt that our offerings for the dead
bring them some consolation? Let us not hesitate to help those who have
died and to offer our prayers for them.] (Page 269, 1032)

[In the communion of saints, "a perennial link of charity exists between
the faithful who have already reached their heavenly home, those who are
expiating their sins in purgatory and those who are still pilgrims on
earth. Between them there is, too, an abundant exchange of all good
things." In this wonderful exchange, the holiness of one profits others,
well beyond the harm that the sin of one could cause others. Thus recourse
to the communion of saints lets the contrite sinner be more promptly and
efficaciously purified of the punishments for sin.] (Page 371, 1475)

The Roman Catholic Church connects purgatory with another false
doctrine of praying for the dead so they can award indulgences (another
false doctrine) and keep control on Roman Catholics. Keeping control and
fear is how all cults work in order to keep their members in line and keep
them from leaving and getting the truth. CCC 1475 shows how the "Church"
believes praying to the "saints" in heaven can help one get out of
purgatory quicker. Once a person is dead, the decision for Jesus they made
on this earth will determine where that person will spend eternity, either
in heaven or hell, not purgatory, which is really hell. Saints in heaven
cannot help a person after they are dead if they rejected Jesus while they
were on the earth.

There is no scripture to back up purgatory. When one dies they either
go immediately to heaven for those who are truly saved or immediately to
hell for those who have rejected Jesus as their Saviour. (II Corinthians
5:8 We are confident, I say, and willing rather to be absent from the
body, and to be present with the Lord.) (Luke 16:22-23 22 And it came to
pass, that the beggar died, and was carried by the angels into Abraham's
bosom: the rich man also died, and was buried;
23 And in hell he lift up his eyes, being in torments, and seeth Abraham
afar off, and Lazarus in his bosom.) We see both Lazarus and the rich man
went immediately to paradise (now heaven) and the rich man to hell.
Neither went to purgatory first.

17. Praying for the dead:

Praying for the dead is not scriptural despite what the "Church" says
in CCC 1032 seen below. Their "Sacred Scripture" is from a book not found
in true holy scripture.

[This teaching is also based on the practice of prayer for the dead,
already mentioned in Sacred Scripture: "Therefore [Judas Maccabeus] made
atonement for the dead, that they might be delivered from their sin." From
the beginning the Church has honored the memory of the dead and offered
prayers in suffrage for them, above all the Eucharistic sacrifice, so
that, thus purified, they may attain the beatific vision of God. The
Church also commends almsgiving, indulgences, and works of penance
undertaken on behalf of the dead:

Let us help and commemorate them. If Job's sons were purified by their
father's sacrifice, why would we doubt that our offerings for the dead
bring them some consolation? Let us not hesitate to help those who have
died and to offer our prayers for them.] (Page 269, 1032)

CCC 1032 says not only to pray for the dead so they might be
delivered for their sins, but to also do almsgiving, indulgences, and
works of penance for the dead. These things are all against scripture as
you cannot help the dead. The "Church" keeps people in bondage by having
them do works not just for themselves, but even the dead.

[Communion with the dead. "In full consciousness of this communion of the
whole Mystical Body of Jesus Christ, the Church in its pilgrim members,
from the very earliest days of the Christian religion, has honored with
great respect the memory of the dead; and 'because it is a holy and a
wholesome thought to pray for the dead that they may be loosed from their
sins' she offers her suffrages for them." Our prayer for them is capable
not only of helping them, but also of making their intercession for us
effective.] (Page 250, 958)

The "Church" has several false statements in CCC 958 which have no
scriptural basis. The "Church" says it is holy and wholesome to pray for
the dead. God never told anyone to pray for the dead. In fact God
commanded us not to communicate with the dead. (Deuteronomy 18:11-12 11 Or
a charmer, or a consulter with familiar spirits, or a wizard, or a
necromancer.
12 For all that do these things are an abomination unto the LORD: and
because of these abominations the LORD thy God doth drive them out from
before thee.) {A necromancer is one who tries to communicate with the
dead, but is actually talking with devils. Necromancers are an abomination
unto the LORD. He hates them.} (Matthew 8:22 But Jesus said unto him,
Follow me; and let the dead bury their dead.) (Luke 9:60 Jesus said unto
him, Let the dead bury their dead: but go thou and preach the kingdom of
God.) In the two above verses, we see Jesus told his followers to follow
him and not to worry about the dead. He said let the dead bury the dead.
In other words, let the unsaved worry about the dead. Once a person is
dead, there is nothing we can do for them.

The "Church" says by praying to them we may loose them from their
sins. As already stated, once a person dies, they either go to heaven or
hell. Only the sin of rejecting Jesus send one to hell. All true believers
have been loosed from their sins by having been forgiven by Jesus and a
believer who has died and gone to heaven no longer has any sin and
therefore has none to be loosed.

A third false statement seen above is how a Roman Catholic's prayer
will not only help the dead, but will also help the one who is praying for
them by allowing the dead to intercede for them. As stated already, once a
person is dead, we cannot help them. It is the decision they made or did
not make to ask Jesus to save them when they were alive that determines
their outcome after dying. We cannot lead them to salvation after their
death. The dead also cannot communicate with us and cannot intercede on
our behalf. I have shown above under Mary, how Jesus is our intercessor,
not dead people or anyone else. Why would a Roman Catholic want the dead
to intercede on their behalf, when they can call upon Jesus? The "Church"
keeps putting tradition above scripture (God's word). This is just another
way for the "Church" to place a burden on a Roman Catholic to do
additional work and to keep the Roman Catholic in bondage to the "Church."

18. Indulgences:

Indulgences are awarded to Roman Catholics for doing "good works"
such as praying the Rosary, performing the stations of the cross or other
such things as the "Church" decides. Indulgences are done to supposedly
shorten the time a person will spend in purgatory or done for a person
already in purgatory to shorten their time there. "Good works" in the
Roman Catholic Church's eyes always are things done for the "Church" and
not good things done for other people. This is contrary to what scripture
says. In times past, the "Church" collected money for indulgences getting
rich at the expense of deceiving its members. God condemned this in
scripture when the Pharisees took money from widows. This is exactly what
the "Church" did in the past. Jesus is speaking in all three of these
verses. (Matthew 23:4 Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for
ye devour widows' houses, and for a pretence make long prayer: therefore
ye shall receive the greater damnation.) (Mark 12:40 Which devour widows'
houses, and for a pretence make long prayers: these shall receive greater
damnation.) (Luke 20:47 Which devour widows' houses, and for a shew make
long prayers: the same shall receive greater damnation.) Jesus said that
people who do these things will be punished greater in hell than other
people. The leaders of the "Church" will be in this group. Indulgences as
all of the rituals of the "Church" are done in order to keep its members
under the control of the Roman Catholic Church.

[The doctrine and practice of indulgences in the Church are closely linked
to the effects of the sacrament of Penance

What is an indulgence?

"An indulgence is a remission before God of the temporal punishment due to
sins whose guilt has already been forgiven, which the faithful Christian
who is duly disposed gains under certain prescribed conditions through the
action of the Church which, as the minister of redemption, dispenses and
applies with authority the treasury of the satisfactions of Christ and the
saints."

"An indulgence is partial or plenary according as it removes either part
or all of the temporal punishment due to sin." The faithful can gain
indulgences for themselves or apply them to the dead.] (Page 370, 1471)

A Roman Catholic is never told how much their indulgence will shorten
the time in purgatory either for themselves or another person or when
enough has been done for a person in purgatory so that they may get out.
This again is done to keep you the precious Roman Catholic in bondage to
the "Church".

[To understand this doctrine and practice of the Church, it is necessary
to understand that sin has a double consequence. Grave sin deprives us of
communion with God and therefore makes us incapable of eternal life, the
privation of which is called the "eternal punishment" of sin. On the other
hand every sin, even venial, entails an unhealthy attachment to creatures,
which must be purified either here on earth, or after death in the state
called Purgatory. This purification frees one from what is called the
"temporal punishment" of sin. These two punishments must not be conceived
of as a kind of vengeance inflicted by God from without, but as following
from the very nature of sin. A conversion which proceeds from a fervent
charity can attain the complete purification of the sinner in such a way
that no punishment would remain.] (Page 370, 1472)

CCC 1472 shows the false doctrine of purgatory.

[An indulgence is obtained through the Church who, by virtue of the power
of binding and loosing granted her by Christ Jesus, intervenes in favor of
individual Christians and opens for them the treasury of the merits of
Christ and the saints to obtain from the Father of mercies the remission
of the temporal punishments due for their sins. Thus the Church does not
want simply to come to the aid of these Christians, but also to spur them
to works of devotion, penance, and charity.] (Page 371, 1478)

The Roman Catholic Church adds works to cleanse the punishment for
your sins. Jesus paid for all of our sins on the cross and did all of the
cleansing of our sins with his shed blood.

[Since the faithful departed now being purified are also members of the
same communion of saints, one way we can help them is to obtain
indulgences for them, so that the temporal punishments due for their sins
may be remitted.] (Pages 371-372, 1479)

[Through indulgences the faithful can obtain the remission of temporal
punishment resulting from sin for themselves and also for souls in
Purgatory.] (Page 374, 1498)

We see again how the Roman Catholic Church uses tradition to keep its
parishioners in bondage to works and the "Church". The "Church" uses
indulgences as a way to scare its parishioners into believing they will go
to hell or spend a long time in purgatory if they do not keep doing
"works" for the "Church." I have shown above how works will not save
anyone, but how after we are saved, we should do good works because we are
saved and should love the Lord and want to serve him and to show this by
loving the people around us. (Ephesians 2:8-9 8 For by grace are ye saved
through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God:
9 Not of works, lest any man should boast.) Salvation is only through
Jesus. (I Corinthians 15:3-4 3 For I delivered unto you first of all that
which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the
scriptures;
4 And that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according
to the scriptures:) Everyone needs salvation, for all are sinners
including Mary. (Romans 3:23 For all have sinned, and come short of the
glory of God;) Sin always leads to death, therefore we must call upon
Jesus to save us from hell. (Romans 6:23 For the wages of sin is death;
but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord.)

The "Church" also says a Roman Catholic may obtain indulgences for
the dead. It has already been shown that we can do nothing for a person
once they are dead. Indulgences are just another way the "Church" believes
"she" can forgive sins. Only Jesus forgives sin. 

19. Transubstantiation:

Transubstantiation is the belief by Roman Catholics that during mass,
the priests have the power to supernaturally turn the bread and wine into
the literal body and blood of Jesus Christ. This is then taken by the
members who are theoretically eating Jesus and are thus cannibals. Roman
Catholics treat the Eucharist with more care than they do the real Jesus.
It is crazy to believe the priests have this power, yet there is no change
in the bread or wine. This doctrine also teaches that the priests have
power to call down Jesus at any time at their whim. That is not how God
works. We do not control Jesus who is God. This is arrogance and
blasphemy. (I Peter 3:22 Who is gone into heaven, and is on the right hand
of God; angels and authorities and powers being made subject unto him.)
Peter "the first pope" said Jesus has power over all angels, authorities,
and powers. Do you think he does not have power over the "priests" who as
men are lower than the angels? (Hebrews 2:9 But we see Jesus, who was made
a little lower than the angels for the suffering of death, crowned with
glory and honour; that he by the grace of God should taste death for every
man.)This verse shows Jesus as a man was lower than the angels whom he had
created as God. Jesus is gone into heaven, yet priests think they can "go
into heaven" by "calling him down to earth into the Eucharist. Do they
really think they can control God (Jesus)? We also see this in Romans.
(Romans 10:6 But the righteousness which is of faith speaketh on this
wise, Say not in thine heart, Who shall ascend into heaven? (that is, to
bring Christ down from above🙂

[The mode of Christ's presence under the Eucharistic species is unique. It
raises the Eucharist above all the sacraments as "the perfection of the
spiritual life and the end to which all the sacraments tend." In the most
blessed sacrament of the Eucharist "the body and blood, together with the
soul and divinity, of our Lord Jesus Christ and, therefore, the whole
Christ is truly, really, and substantially contained." "This presence is
called 'real' - by which is not intended to exclude the other types of
presence as if they could not be 'real' too, but because it is presence in
the fullest sense: that is to say, it is a substantial presence by which
Christ, God and man, makes himself wholly and entirely present."] (Page
346, 1374)

[The Council of Trent summarizes the Catholic faith by declaring: "Because
Christ our Redeemer said that it was truly his body that he was offering
under the species of bread, it has always been the conviction of the
Church of God, and this holy Council now declares again, that by the
consecration of the bread and wine there takes place a change of the whole
substance of the bread into the substance of the body of Christ our Lord
and of the whole substance of the wine into the substance of his blood.
This change the holy Catholic Church has fittingly and properly called
transubstantiation."] (Page 347, 1376)

[If anyone says that in the sacred and holy sacrament of the Eucharist the
substance of the bread and wine remains conjointly with the body and blood
of our Lord Jesus Christ, and denies that wonderful and singular change of
the whole substance of the bread into the body and the whole substance of
the wine into the blood, the appearances only of bread and wine remaining,
which change the Catholic Church most aptly calls transubstantiation, let
him be anathema.] (Canons of the Council of Trent, Most the Eucharist,
canon 2)

Cannon 2 shows how a Roman Catholic was to be anathema
(excommunicated and then were often tortured and killed such as burnt at
the stake or at least denied fellowship with the "Church" and its members.
These are things cults do to someone who tries to leave.) if they did not
literally believe in transubstantiation which goes against scripture. This
is control of its members by the "Church."

Another tradition of the "Church" that demotes Jesus by the "Church"
believing it has the power to call down Jesus at any time and transform
him into the "host" and wine. This is pure arrogance to believe one has
more power than God of whom Jesus is. You cannot "contain" God as the
"Church" says they can do with Jesus. Nowhere in scripture does this
doctrine exist. The "Church" takes verses out of context when Jesus said
this is my body and blood and to eat and drink it. Jesus said in (John
6:51-56 51 I am the living bread which came down from heaven: if any man
eat of this bread, he shall live for ever: and the bread that I will give
is my flesh, which I will give for the life of the world.
52 The Jews therefore strove among themselves, saying, How can this man
give us his flesh to eat?
53 Then Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Except ye
eat the flesh of the Son of man, and drink his blood, ye have no life in
you.
54 Whoso eateth my flesh, and drinketh my blood, hath eternal life; and I
will raise him up at the last day.
55 For my flesh is meat indeed, and my blood is drink indeed.
56 He that eateth my flesh, and drinketh my blood, dwelleth in me, and I
in him.) From these verses in John we know Jesus was not talking about his
literal body and blood if one reads the verses around them and compares
them with other scripture. Jesus said they were to believe on him which
goes along with other scripture, not literally eat him. (John 6:35 And
Jesus said unto them, I am the bread of life: he that cometh to me shall
never hunger; and he that believeth on me shall never thirst.) Jesus said
in (John 6:40 And this is the will of him that sent me, that every one
which seeth the Son, and believeth on him, may have everlasting life: and
I will raise him up at the last day.) Jesus said in the above verses that
those who come to him and "believeth on me" shall never hunger or thirst
and shall have everlasting life. He never told them to eat his body or
drink his blood.  (Luke 22:19-20 19 ¶ And he took bread, and gave thanks,
and brake it, and gave unto them, saying, This is my body which is given
for you: this do in remembrance of me.
20 Likewise also the cup after supper, saying, This cup is the new
testament in my blood, which is shed for you.) Jesus said in (Matthew
26:28 For this is my blood of the new testament, which is shed for many
for the remission of sins.) (I Corinthians 11:24-25 And when he had given
thanks, he brake it, and said, Take, eat: this is my body, which is broken
for you: this do in remembrance of me.
25 After the same manner also he took the cup, when he had supped, saying,
This cup is the new testament in my blood: this do ye, as oft as ye drink
it, in remembrance of me.) Jesus gave his apostles actual bread and drink,
not any of his body or blood. It was to be symbolic of his body and blood
"in remembrance of me". The command to celebrate the ordinance, not
sacrament, of the Lord's Supper or communion was to "remember and show his
death till he comes", not to save anyone. (I Corinthians 11:26 For as
often as ye eat this bread, and drink this cup, ye do shew the Lord's
death till he come.) Jesus did not promote cannibalism, which the Roman
Catholic Church does with this practice. Jesus never told them to call him
down from heaven into their bread and drink when they celebrated this
ceremony. Jesus would never tell his disciples (children) to do something
such as cannibalism that was condemned elsewhere in scripture. People were
not to drink blood as the heathens (pagans) did as life was in the blood.
(Genesis 9:4 But flesh with the life thereof, which is the blood thereof,
shall ye not eat.) (Leviticus 17:10-14 10 ¶ And whatsoever man there be of
the house of Israel, or of the strangers that sojourn among you, that
eateth any manner of blood; I will even set my face against that soul that
eateth blood, and will cut him off from among his people.
11 For the life of the flesh is in the blood: and I have given it to you
upon the altar to make an atonement for your souls: for it is the blood
that maketh an atonement for the soul.
12 Therefore I said unto the children of Israel, No soul of you shall eat
blood, neither shall any stranger that sojourneth among you eat blood.
13 And whatsoever man there be of the children of Israel, or of the
strangers that sojourn among you, which hunteth and catcheth any beast or
fowl that may be eaten; he shall even pour out the blood thereof, and
cover it with dust.
14 For it is the life of all flesh; the blood of it is for the life
thereof: therefore I said unto the children of Israel, Ye shall eat the
blood of no manner of flesh: for the life of all flesh is the blood
thereof: whosoever eateth it shall be cut off.) These verses clearly show
the blood is the life of a living thing and is not to be drank. This is
what vampires who are controlled by Satan do. Do you precious Roman
Catholic want to obey God and not drink blood (wine) of Jesus, or do you
want to obey the "Church"?

20. Eucharist allegedly forgives sins and preserves a Roman Catholic from
future sins:

The Eucharist is the sacrament of remembering the Last Supper of
Jesus and his disciples. The ritual is also known as Holy Communion. This
is when the bread or "host" [called a host since it allegedly hosts the
body of Jesus] (actually a wafer) and wine [Real wine is used instead of
grape juice. God does not want people drinking and would certainly not
want little children drinking to be able to participate in this
sacrament.] allegedly becomes Jesus through transubstantiation.

[Holy Communion separates us from sin. The body of Christ we receive in
Holy Communion is "given up for us," and the blood we drink "shed for the
many for the forgiveness of sins." For this reason the Eucharist cannot
unite us to Christ without at the same time cleansing us from past sins
and preserving us from future sins:

For as often as we eat this bread and drink the cup, we proclaim the death
of the Lord. If we proclaim the Lord's death, we proclaim the forgiveness
of sins. If, as often as his blood is poured out, it is poured for the
forgiveness of sins, I should always receive it, so that it may always
forgive my sins. Because I always sin, I should always have a remedy.]
(Pages 351-352, 1393)

Communion or the Lord's Supper has no saving power or power to
forgive sins. It is done because Jesus commanded us to observe it "in
remembrance of me and his death till he comes". When Jesus instituted
communion or the Lord's Supper at the Last Supper, and Jesus mentioned his
broken body and the cup, he was speaking of the third cup of redemption
and the middle matzah (bread) of the passover. These items represented his
shed blood and his broken body on the cross. Most Jews today do not
realize this. Jesus never meant for people to literally eat his body or
drink his blood as Roman Catholicism teaches.

Only the blood of Jesus can forgive us of our sins. Jesus said in
(Matthew 26:28 For this is my blood of the new testament, which is shed
for many for the remission of sins.) (Ephesians 1:8 In whom we have
redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins, according to the
riches of his grace;) (I John 1:7 But if we walk in the light, as he is in
the light, we have fellowship one with another, and the blood of Jesus
Christ his Son cleanseth us from all sin.) (Revelation 1:5 And from Jesus
Christ, who is the faithful witness, and the first begotten of the dead,
and the prince of the kings of the earth. Unto him that loved us, and
washed us from our sins in his own blood,). These verses clearly show it
is the blood of Jesus and not the bread or wine of the Eucharist that
forgives us of our sins.

Scripture never says that partaking of the Eucharist or anything else
we do can preserve us from future sins. God said he will preserve us. We
are told to read scripture and know God's word to keep us from wanting to
sin in the future, but it is scripture that the RCC has told its
parishioners for years not to read and does not like it. (Psalm 119:9-11 9
Wherewithal shall a young man cleanse his way? by taking heed thereto
according to thy word.
10 With my whole heart have I sought thee: O let me not wander from thy
commandments. 11 Thy word have I hid in mine heart, that I might not sin
against thee.) (Psalm 64:1 Hear my voice, O God, in my prayer: preserve my
life from fear of the enemy.) (Psalm 121:7-8 7 The LORD shall preserve
thee from all evil: he shall preserve thy soul. 8 The LORD shall preserve
thy going out and thy coming in from this time forth, and even for
evermore.) (II Timothy 4:18 And the Lord shall deliver me from every evil
work, and will preserve me unto his heavenly kingdom: to whom be glory for
ever and ever. Amen.) These verses show God is the one who forgives sins
and preserves us. Do you want to trust God or the "Church" and stay in
bondage to the "Church"?

[In the New Testament, the memorial takes on new meaning. When the Church
celebrates the Eucharist, she commemorates Christ's Passover, and it is
made present the sacrifice Christ offered once for all on the cross
remains ever present. "As often as the sacrifice of the Cross by which
'Christ our Pasch has been sacrificed' is celebrated on the altar, the
work of our redemption is carried out."] (Page 343, 1364)

Roman Catholicism teaches that every time the Eucharist is
celebrated, the death of Jesus is repeated. Scripture says Jesus'
sacrifice for us was for one time only. There is no need to keep repeating
this. Does the Roman Catholic Church not believe Jesus when he said it was
finished on the cross? (John 19:30 When Jesus therefore had received the
vinegar, he said, It is finished: and he bowed his head, and gave up the
ghost.) For Roman Catholics, his sacrifice is not finished or they would
not keep "sacrificing" him over and over again every time they "eat" him
when taking the Eucharist. (Hebrews 7:27 Who needeth not daily, as those
high priests, to offer up sacrifice, first for his own sins, and then for
the people's: for this he did once, when he offered up himself.) Roman
Catholics offer Jesus up daily. (Hebrews 9:24-28 24 For Christ is not
entered into the holy places made with hands, which are the figures of the
true; but into heaven itself, now to appear in the presence of God for us:
25 Nor yet that he should offer himself often, as the high priest entereth
into the holy place every year with blood of others;
26 For then must he often have suffered since the foundation of the world:
but now once in the end of the world hath he appeared to put away sin by
the sacrifice of himself.
27 And as it is appointed unto men once to die, but after this the
judgment:
28 So Christ was once offered to bear the sins of many; and unto them that
look for him shall he appear the second time without sin unto salvation.)
(Hebrews 10:27 But this man, after he had offered one sacrifice for sins
for ever, sat down on the right hand of God;) All of these verses in
Hebrews refer to Jesus Christ. (I Peter 3:18 For Christ also hath once
suffered for sins, the just for the unjust, that he might bring us to God,
being put to death in the flesh, but quickened by the Spirit:) Peter
inspired by the Holy Ghost said Christ suffered once. Listen to your
"first pope."

[The sacrifice of Christ and the sacrifice of the Eucharist are one single
sacrifice: "The victim is one and the same: the same now offers through
the ministry of priests, who then offered himself on the cross; only the
manner of offering is different." "In this divine sacrifice which is
celebrated in the Mass, the same Christ who offered himself once in a
bloody manner on the altar of the cross is contained and is offered in an
unbloody manner ... this sacrifice is truly propitiatory."] (Page 344, 1367)

CCC 1367 says the Eucharist is an offering that is different than on
the cross. They say this is an unbloody manner of sacrifice. Scripture
says without shedding of blood there is no remission (of sins). (Hebrews
9:22 And almost all things are by the law purged with blood; and without
shedding of blood is no remission.) CCC 1367 also says Jesus was a victim.
This is not true. Jesus gave his life for you and me. A victim does not
have a choice. Jesus was no victim. He chose to die for all mankind so
that they might have a Saviour and go to heaven. Jesus said in Matthew and
Mark that he gave his life. (Matthew 20:28 Even as the Son of man came not
to be ministered unto, but to minister, and to give his life a ransom for
many.) (Mark 10:45 For even the Son of man came not to be ministered unto,
but to minister, and to give his life a ransom for many.) Jesus said in
John that he has power over his life, a victim does not. (John 10:17-18 17
Therefore doth my Father love me, because I lay down my life, that I might
take it again.
18No man taketh it from me, but I lay it down of myself. I have power to
lay it down, and I have power to take it again. This commandment have I
received of my Father.) These verses clearly show Jesus gave his life, no
man took it.

Pope Pius X said "Holy Communion is the shortest and safest way to
heaven." The taking of "Holy Communion" will save no one or get them to
heaven. Calling upon Jesus to save you is the shortest and only way to
heaven.

21. The Eucharist is worshipped:

[Worship of the Eucharist. In the liturgy of the Mass we express our faith
in the real presence of Christ under the species of bread and wine by,
among other ways, genuflecting or bowing deeply as a sign of adoration of
the Lord. "The Catholic Church has always offered and still offers to the
sacrament of the Eucharist the cult of adoration, not only during Mass,
but also outside of it, reserving the consecrated hosts with the utmost
care, exposing them to the solemn veneration of the faithful, and carrying
them in procession."] (Page 347, 1378)

Roman Catholics worship the host (bread or wafer). They treat it as
if it is Jesus himself since they believe it becomes Jesus. They worship
this "host" more than they do the true Jesus. This practice is nothing
more than idolatry. If the wafer is dropped, they act as if they literally
dropped Jesus. They will not just throw it away for the manmade wafer it
is. God is much more powerful than being able to be carried around in ones
hands. The bread (wafer) is placed on an "altar" rather than just a table
as it is allegedly Jesus and is to be worshipped. It is a sin (idolatry)
to bow and worship the Eucharist. (Acts 17:29 Forasmuch then as we are the
offspring of God, we ought not to think that the Godhead is like unto
gold, or silver, or stone, graven by art and man's device.) The Eucharist
is manmade.

The Eucharist is to be placed in a tabernacle. Children are told to
pray to it and keep Jesus company. CCC 1183 shows how the Eucharist is to
be venerated. "Jesus" is to be kept in a box out of "reverence." Jesus is
in heaven. (Acts 7:48-49 48 Howbeit the most High dwelleth not in temples
made with hands; as saith the prophet,
49 Heaven is my throne, and earth is my footstool: what house will ye
build me? saith the Lord: or what is the place of my rest?) (Mark 16:19 ¶
So then after the Lord had spoken unto them, he was received up into
heaven, and sat on the right hand of God.)

[The tabernacle is to be situated "in churches in a most worthy place with
the greatest honor." The dignity, placing, and security of the Eucharistic
tabernacle should foster adoration before the Lord really present in the
Blessed Sacrament of the altar.
The sacred chrism (myron), used in anointings as the sacramental sign of
the seal of the gift of the Holy Spirit, is traditionally reserved and
venerated in a secure place in the sanctuary. The oil of catechumens and
the oil of the sick may also be placed there.] (Page 306, 1183)

["It is in the Eucharistic cult ....] (Page 391, 1566)

The Roman Catholic Church rightly calls the Eucharist a cult. It
takes a cult to know one. Following and believing that this bread (wafer)
can and does become Jesus at the will of the priest and can heal and save
people is cultic beliefs. Believing in the Eucharist does not please God.

[If anyone denies that in the sacrament of the most Holy Eucharist are
contained truly, really and substantially the body and blood together with
the soul and divinity of our Lord Jesus Christ, and consequently the whole
Christ, but says that He is in it only as in a sign, or figure or force,
let him be anathema.] (Canons from the Council of Trent, Most the
Eucharist, canon 1)

The Council of Trent was held from 1545 to 1563 in response to the
Lutherans and the Protestant Reformation in trying to counterattack some
of their beliefs and show what the Roman Catholic Church believed. This
canon 1 shows how if a person did not believe the Eucharist was really
made into Jesus, they were to be anathema (denied fellowship and sometimes
killed. It was told by the "Church" they went to hell.). Anathema was a
fear tactic used by the "Church" for control of its people. This is
worship of the bread and idolatry and against scripture and again shows
control over the people if they disagreed with the leaders of the
"Church."

We are only to worship God and not even an image or what is supposed
to be "God". This is why we have no pictures of Jesus as we are not even
to worship a picture of Jesus. God is a jealous God and will share his
glory with no one. This is the second commandment given to Moses. (Exodus
20:3-5 3 Thou shalt have no other gods before me.
4 Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any likeness of any
thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is
in the water under the earth:
5 Thou shalt not bow down thyself to them, nor serve them: for I the LORD
thy God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the
children unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate me;)
(Exodus 34:14 For thou shalt worship no other god: for the LORD, whose
name is Jealous, is a jealous God:) (Deuteronomy 4:24 For the LORD thy God
is a consuming fire, even a jealous God.) (Deuteronomy 5:8 Thou shalt not
make thee any graven image, or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven
above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the waters beneath
the earth:) (Isaiah 2:8 Their land also is full of idols; they worship the
work of their own hands, that which their own fingers have made:) God is a
jealous God and will not allow worship of anyone or anything except
himself even if it is something that is supposed to be Jesus such as the
Eucharist with the bread and wine. Worship Jesus, not the Eucharist. The
Eucharist is a Roman Catholic god made by hands. God condemned this and
warned about it. (Psalm 115:4 Their idols are silver and gold, the work of
men's hands.)

22. Eucharist can allegedly help the dead:

[The Eucharist sacrifice is also offered for the faithful departed who
"have died in Christ but are not yet wholly purified," so that they may be
able to enter into the light and peace of Christ:

Put this body anywhere! Don't trouble yourselves about it! I simply ask
you to remember me at the Lord's altar wherever you are.

Then, we pray [in the anaphora] for the holy fathers and bishops who have
fallen asleep, and in general for all who have fallen asleep before us, in
the belief that it is a great benefit to the souls on whose behalf the
supplication is offered, while the holy and tremendous Victim is present....
By offering to God our supplications for those who have fallen asleep, if
they have sinned, we... offer Christ sacrificed for the sins of all, and so
render favorable, for them and for us, the God who loves man.] (Page 345,
1371)

[The Eucharist sacrifice. When the celebration takes place in church, the
Eucharist is the heart of the Paschal reality of Christian death. In the
Eucharist, the Church expresses her efficacious communion with the
departed: offering to the Father in the Holy Spirit the sacrifice of the
death and resurrection of Christ, she asks to purify his child of his sins
and their consequences, and to admit him to the Paschal fullness of the
table of the Kingdom. It is by the Eucharist thus celebrated that the
community of the faithful, especially the family of the deceased, learn to
live in communion with the one who "has fallen asleep in the Lord," by
communicating in the Body of Christ of which he is a living member and,
then, by praying for him and with him.] (Page 420, 1689)

The Eucharist cannot help the dead. This is another tradition without
any scriptural basis. As mentioned before, once a person is dead, the
decision they made for Jesus while they were alive will determine where
they will spend eternity and there is nothing the living can do to change
that. This again adds work for salvation and minimizes the work that Jesus
did on the Christ for you and me. His work was finished and does not need
to be added to. (Hebrews 9:27 And as it is appointed unto men once to die,
but after this the judgment:) (Romans 14:12 So then every one of us shall
give account of himself to God.) We see that we all will be judged after
death and will give an account for ourselves, not anyone else. If one dies
in their sins, they are condemned already and no one including the
Eucharist can help them. God does not give people a second chance for
salvation or to improve their rewards in heaven after ones death. Jesus
said in (John 3:18 ¶ He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he
that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in
the name of the only begotten Son of God.)

23. Source of holiness comes from Mary:

[It is in the Church, in communion with all the baptized, that the
Christian fulfills his vocation. From the Church he receives the Word of
God containing the teachings of "the law of Christ." From the Church he
receives the grace of the sacraments that sustains him on the "way." From
the Church he learns the example of holiness and recognizes its model and
source in the all-holy Virgin Mary; he discerns it in the authentic
witness of those who live it; he discovers it in the spiritual tradition
and long history of the saints who have gone before him and whom the
liturgy celebrates in the rhythms of the sanctoral cycle.] (Page 490,
2030)

Holiness only comes from God, not Mary. God says he is holy and we
are to be holy like him, not like Mary. Scripture never calls Mary holy or
says holiness comes from her. This is just another tradition of the
"Church" to elevate Mary above Jesus. (Leviticus 11:44 For I am the LORD
your God: ye shall therefore sanctify yourselves, and ye shall be holy;
for I am holy: neither shall ye defile yourselves with any manner of
creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth.) (I Peter 1:16 Because it is
written, Be ye holy; for I am holy.)

24. Mary prays for Roman Catholics and is to be prayed to by them:

[Holy Mary, Mother of God: With Elizabeth we marvel, "And why is this
granted me, that the mother of my Lord should come to me?" Because she
gives us Jesus, her son, Mary is Mother of God and our mother; we can
entrust all our cares and petitions to her: she prays for us as she prayed
for herself: "Let it be to me according to your word." By entrusting
ourselves to her prayer, we abandon ourselves to the will of God together
with her: "Thy will be done."

Pray for us sinners, now and at the hour of our death: By asking Mary to
pray for us, we acknowledge ourselves to be poor sinners and we address
ourselves to the "Mother of Mercy," the All-Holy One. We give ourselves
over to her now, in the Today of our lives. And our trust broadens
further, already at the present moment, to surrender "the hour of our
death" wholly to her care. May she be there as she was at her son's death
on the cross. May she welcome us as our mother at the hour of our passing
to lead us to her son, Jesus, in paradise.] (Pages 643-644, 2677)

[Mary is the perfect Orans (pray-er), a figure of the Church. When we pray
to her, we are adhering with her to the plan of the Father, who sends his
Son to save all men. Like the beloved disciple we welcome Jesus' mother
into our homes, for she has become the mother of all living. We can pray
with and to her. The prayer of the Church is sustained by the prayer of
Mary and united with it in hope.] (Page 644, 2679)

This doctrine is again from tradition and is unscriptural. Nowhere in
scripture does it say Mary prays for us or that we are to pray to her. We
are commanded to pray to God the father in Jesus' name. As mentioned
before, once Mary died, she can no longer help people here on earth. Why
would a Roman Catholic want to pray to Mary when they can pray to God?
This is just another way for the "Church" to elevate Mary above Jesus. We
are never told to pray for Mary or anyone who is dead. We can only pray
for a person while we are still alive.

Jesus is the one who gives us rest and carries our burdens, so why
pray to Mary who can do nothing for us? (Psalm 55:22 Cast thy burden upon
the LORD, and he shall sustain thee: he shall never suffer the righteous
to be moved.) (Matthew 11:28-30 28 ¶ Come unto me, all ye that labour and
are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.
29Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in
heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls.
30For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light.)

Mary is called "the Mother of Mercy" and the "All-Holy One". Mercy
comes from God not Mary and only God is all holy. This is blasphemous.
(Jude 21 Keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the mercy of our
Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life.) (Luke 4:34 Saying, Let us alone;
what have we to do with thee, thou Jesus of Nazareth? art thou come to
destroy us? I know thee who thou art; the Holy One of God.) Mary was not
the sinless, perfect woman that the "Church" teaches. Jesus was the only
sinless one and is the only Holy One.

25. Mary is Queen over all things, is Mother of God, and Mary was taken
body and soul into heaven:

Nowhere in scripture does it ever mention Mary being taken up to
heaven in her body. This is referred to by the "Church" as the Assumption
of Mary. This is done again by the "Church" in their attempt to make Mary
equal with God and to try and agree with their false doctrine that Mary
was born without sin and remained sinless and therefore could enter heaven
with her body since it was not corrupted. This is false and manmade. Mary
is not a god and is no equal of Jesus. She is not to be worshipped to,
prayed to, or so elevated in the way that Roman Catholics make her.

["Finally the Immaculate Virgin, preserved free from all stain of original
sin, when the course of her earthly life was finished, was taken up body
and soul into heavenly glory, and exalted by the Lord as Queen over all
things, so that she might be the more fully conformed to her Son, the Lord
of lords and conqueror of sin and death." The Assumption of the Blessed
Virgin is a singular participation in  her Son's Resurrection and an
anticipation of the resurrection of other Christians:

In giving birth you kept your virginity; in your Dormition you did not
leave the world, O Mother of God, but were joined to the source of Life.
You conceived the living God and, by your prayers, will deliver our souls
from death.] (Page 252, 966)

Dormition is the term used by the "Church" for Mary's death and then
supposed assumption of her body into heaven.

[By keeping the memorials of the saints - first of all the holy Mother of
God, then the apostles, the martyrs, and other saints - on fixed days of
the liturgical year, the Church on earth shows that she is united with the
liturgy of heaven. She gives glory to Christ for having accomplished his
salvation in his glorified members; their example encourages her on her
way to the Father.] (Page 308, 1195)

[The Nestorian heresy regarded Christ as a human person joined to the
divine person of God's Son. Opposing this heresy, St. Cyril of Alexandria
and the third ecumenical council, at Ephesus in 431, confessed "that the
Word, uniting to himself in his person the flesh animated by a rational
soul, became man." Christ's humanity has no other subject than the divine
person of the Son of God, who assumed it and made it his own, from his
conception. For this reason the Council of Ephesus proclaimed in 431 that
Mary truly became the Mother of God by the human conception of the Son of
God in her womb: "Mother of God, not that the nature of the Word or his
divinity received the beginning of its existence from the holy Virgin, but
that, since the holy body, animated by a rational soul, which the Word of
God united to himself according to the hypostasis, was born from her, the
Word is said to be born according to the flesh."] (Page 117, 466)

CCC 966 shows how many Roman Catholic doctrines overlap, such as Mary
being born without sin, bodily going to heaven, Queen of all things,
remaining a virgin, and her prayers will deliver our souls from death. The
queen of heaven is mentioned in scripture in a negative way and was the
old Babylonian goddess condemned by God and adapted by the Roman Catholic
Church with the name changed to Mary. We also see how the "Church" says
Mary conceived the living God. She conceived nothing; the Holy Ghost did
the conceiving. She gave birth to Jesus who is God, but the Holy Ghost
conceived the man part of Jesus, not his God part. Jesus became and is
today 100% God and 100% man, but as God he has always existed, long before
Mary whom he created. (Micah 5:2 But thou, Beth-lehem Ephratah, though
thou be little among the thousands of Judah, yet out of thee shall he come
forth unto me that is to be ruler in Israel; whose goings forth have been
from of old, from everlasting.) (John 1:1 In the beginning was the Word,
and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.) (John 1:14 And the Word
was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as
of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth.) These
verses show Jesus (Word) as God has always existed and then came in the
flesh as a man delivered by Mary. Mary only gave birth to Jesus the man,
not Jesus as God. Therefore calling Mary "Mother of God" is blasphemous
since Jesus as God has always existed and created her. Mary was only used
as the vessel in which Jesus came as God in the flesh. Jesus as God has no
mother, only Jesus as man. Jesus even called Mary "Woman", not mom or
mother. (John 19:26 When Jesus therefore saw his mother, and the disciple
standing by, whom he loved, he saith unto his mother, Woman, behold thy
son!) CCC 466 even says that Jesus did not receive his divinity from Mary.
Mary is not equal with God and is no queen. Jesus is King, but he has no
queen. Jesus shares his rule with no one, though during the Millennium he
will allow some to assist him, but he is above them. (Jeremiah 7:18 The
children gather wood, and the fathers kindle the fire, and the women knead
their dough, to make cakes to the queen of heaven, and to pour out drink
offerings unto other gods, that they may provoke me to anger.) This verse
says that offering things to the queen of heaven provokes God to be angry.
Why then call Mary "Queen over all things"? Scripture says God and Jesus
are over all. The Roman Catholic Church says in the Catechism that Mary
was not the pagan god worshipped in the Old Testament, so why then would
God give Mary the same title of a pagan goddess that he hated?

(I Chronicles 29:11 Thine, O LORD, is the greatness, and the power,
and the glory, and the victory, and the majesty: for all that is in the
heaven and in the earth is thine; thine is the kingdom, O LORD, and thou
art exalted as head above all.) This verse clearly shows God is above all
things, so how can Mary be above all things. She is not God. Even if she
were queen, the queens in scripture as well as history normally had to get
permission from the king to even speak to them and were not over anything,
the king was, so why should Mary be over anything? (Psalm 18:46 The LORD
liveth; and blessed be my rock; and let the God of my salvation be
exalted.) (Psalm 57:5 Be thou exalted, O God, above the heavens; let thy
glory be above all the earth.) (Psalm 97:9 For thou, LORD, art high above
all the earth: thou art exalted far above all gods.) God is above all gods
and that includes Mary and the pope which the "Church" treats and worships
as even if not directly said in name. The words and actions of the
"Church" say otherwise. (Psalm 108:5 Be thou exalted, O God, above the
heavens: and thy glory above all the earth;) (Philippians 2:9-11 9
Wherefore God also hath highly exalted him, and given him a name which is
above every name:
10That at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, of things in heaven,
and things in earth, and things under the earth;
11And that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the
glory of God the Father.) These verses clearly say God and Jesus who is
God are exalted above all. They never say Mary is. The name of Jesus is
above every name, including Mary.

26. Only the Roman Catholic Church and its leaders can interpret
scripture:

["The task of giving an authentic interpretation of the Word of God,
whether in its written form or in the form of Tradition, has been
entrusted to the living, teaching office of the Church alone. Its
authority in this matter is exercised in the name of Jesus Christ." This
means that the task of interpretation has been entrusted to the bishops in
communion with the successor of Peter, the Bishop of Rome.] (Page 27, 85)

This clearly shows that only the pope (Bishop of Rome) and bishops
and they say the priests can understand scripture. This is once again to
maintain control over the people to try and prevent them from reading
scripture and finding out the truth. By saying only the "Church" can
interpret scripture, this covers them if another denomination shows they
are wrong by the Roman Catholic Church saying only they are the true
"Church" and therefore only they have been given the truth by the Holy
Ghost. (They say Holy Spirit) It is also clearly seen how again the
"Church" says tradition is also the word of God again going clearly
against what scripture says.

[The task of interpreting the Word of God authentically has been entrusted
solely to the Magisterium of the Church, that is, to the Pope and to the
bishops in communion with him.] (Page 30, 100)

[2. Read the Scripture within "the living Tradition of the whole Church."
According to a saying of the Fathers, Sacred Scripture is written
principally in the Church's heart rather than in documents and records,
for the Church carries in her Tradition the living memorial of God's Word,
and it is the Holy Spirit who gives her the spiritual interpretation of
the Scripture ("according to the spiritual meaning which the Spirit grants
to the Church").] (Pages 32-33, 113)

["It is the task of exegetes to work, according to these rules, toward a
better understanding and explanation of the meaning of Sacred Scripture in
order that their research may help the Church to form a firmer judgment.
For, of course, all that has been said about the manner of interpreting
Scripture is ultimately subject to the judgment of the Church which
exercises the divinely conferred commission and ministry of watching over
and interpreting the Word of God."

But I would not believe in the Gospel, had not authority of the Catholic
Church already moved me.] (Pages 33-34, 119)

Scripture clearly show how it is meant to be read by all and
understood by all when they are taught by the Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost
wrote it using men, so he knows what it means, not just the "Church"
leaders. Peter the supposed first pope said scripture is not of private
interpretation, but is given by the Holy Ghost. This includes the "Church"
leaders only. The lay Catholic can understand it as well if they ask God
to give them guidance after they are saved by the definition of scripture.
(II Peter 1:20-21 20 Knowing this first, that no prophecy of the scripture
is of any private interpretation.
21 For the prophecy came not in old time by the will of man: but holy men
of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost.) We are told to study
scripture, not go to a priest. (II Timothy 2:15 Study to shew thyself
approved unto God, a workman that needeth not to be ashamed, rightly
dividing the word of truth.) The Holy Ghost teaches us, not "Church"
leaders. Jesus said in (John 14:26 But the Comforter, which is the Holy
Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all
things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said
unto you.) (I Corinthians 2:12-13 12 Now we have received, not the spirit
of the world, but the spirit which is of God; that we might know the
things that are freely given to us of God.
13 Which things also we speak, not in the words which man's wisdom
teacheth, but which the Holy Ghost teacheth; comparing spiritual things
with spiritual.) Jesus said in (Luke 12:12 For the Holy Ghost shall teach
you in the same hour what ye ought to say.) Jesus himself said the Holy
Ghost will teach us, not the RCC and its leaders.

The Bereans searched the scriptures daily to see if what they were
taught by Paul and Silas was true. They did not take the word of men just
because they were church leaders. Scripture says they were noble for doing
so. (Acts 17:11 These were more noble than those in Thessalonica, in that
they received the word with all readiness of mind, and searched the
scriptures daily, whether those things were so.) Roman Catholics need to
search scripture as well and you will see the "Church" is false. Jesus
condemned the Jewish leaders for not knowing scripture. Tradition was more
important to them. Jesus said in (John 5:37-39 37 And the Father himself,
which hath sent me, hath borne witness of me. Ye have neither heard his
voice at any time, nor seen his shape.
38 And ye have not his word abiding in you: for whom he hath sent, him ye
believe not.

39 ¶ Search the scriptures; for in them ye think ye have eternal life: and
they are they which testify of me.) Jesus himself said to search the
scriptures ourselves and not go to "Church" leaders. The leaders here did
not even know scripture, so how can they interpret them for the lay Roman
Catholic?

Tradition is elevated above scripture in the Roman Catholic Church.
Jesus condemned the Pharisees over this. (Matthew 15:2-3 2 Why do thy
disciples transgress the tradition of the elders? for they wash not their
hands when they eat bread.
3 But he answered and said unto them, Why do ye also transgress the
commandment of God by your tradition?) (Matthew 15:6 And honour not his
father or his mother, he shall be free. Thus have ye made the commandment
of God of none effect by your tradition.) (Matthew 15:8-9 8 This people
draweth nigh unto me with their mouth, and honoureth me with their lips;
but their heart is far from me.
9 But in vain they do worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments
of men.) God said they worshipped him in vain as they elevated tradition
above God's word. (scripture) Jesus said in (Mark 7:7-9 Howbeit in vain do
they worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men.
8 For laying aside the commandment of God, ye hold the tradition of men,
as the washing of pots and cups: and many other such like things ye do.
9 And he said unto them, Full well ye reject the commandment of God, that
ye may keep your own tradition.) Jesus said in (Mark 7:13 Making the word
of God of none effect through your tradition, which ye have delivered: and
many such like things do ye.) (Colossians 2:8 Beware lest any man spoil
you through philosophy and vain deceit, after the tradition of men, after
the rudiments of the world, and not after Christ.) God hates tradition
especially when put above his word as is done by the Roman Catholic
Church. Tradition will not save anyone, Jesus will as taught in his word.
We are warned in scripture to not let man teach you. This includes the RCC
leaders. It is to be the Holy Ghost who teaches you. (I John 2:26-27 26
These things have I written unto you concerning them that seduce you.
27 But the anointing which ye have received of him abideth in you, and ye
need not that any man teach you: but as the same anointing teacheth you of
all things, and is truth, and is no lie, and even as it hath taught you,
ye shall abide in him.) Precious Roman Catholics, let the Holy Ghost teach
you. Search out the scriptures daily by reading your Holy Bible every day.
Get you a King James Bible which is God's preserved words in English. The
Roman Catholic bibles have been corrupted. Pray and ask the Holy Ghost to
let you find the truth for yourself. Do not take my word. Read and find
out that what I am saying is true. The "Church" again just wants to
control you and keep you in bondage by keeping you from the truth by
saying only they can interpret scripture and by corrupting what scripture
they do have. This is why all "Church" services such as "Mass" and all
scripture reading was done in Latin up into the late 1960's (1969). Latin
was instituted in A.D. 600. No one for a long time has spoken Latin (most
stopped speaking Latin in 700's and all by 900's), so why was scripture
read in Latin? This was so they could keep you in blindness and darkness
from the truth and make you have to trust in them to interpret scripture.
The Council of Toulouse in 1229 forbad the lay Roman Catholic from reading
scripture in their native language. This is not what God said. He wants us
to read scripture and in our language. Do you want to trust a "Church"
like that? This is what the Muslims do by saying the Koran (Qur'an) is
only accurate in Arabic, when the vast majority of Muslims cannot even
read or speak Arabic. This is the kind of things cults do to control their
people. The word of God is not bound, so why did the Roman Catholics bind
it by using Latin when no one spoke, read, or understood it and why is it
still bound by saying only the "Church" and its leaders can interpret
scripture? (II Timothy 2:9 Wherein I suffer trouble, as an evil doer, even
unto bonds; but the word of God is not bound.) Precious lay Roman
Catholic, you can read a King James Bible and understand it with the help
of the Holy Ghost who wrote it. Paul by the Holy Ghost said in I
Corinthians that it is better to speak five known words than ten thousand
unknown words. This is what the "Church" was doing when they spoke in
Latin and no one understood what was being said. (I Corinthians 14:9 So
likewise ye, except ye utter by the tongue words easy to be understood,
how shall it be known what is spoken? for ye shall speak into the air.) (I
Corinthians 14:19 Yet in the church I had rather speak five words with my
understanding, that by my voice I might teach others also, than ten
thousand words in an unknown tongue.) Paul also said in (I Corinthians
14:27-28 27 If any man speak in an unknown tongue, let it be by two, or at
the most by three, and that by course; and let one interpret.
28 But if there be no interpreter, let him keep silence in the church; and
let him speak to himself, and to God.) The Roman Catholic Church never had
an interpreter when Mass was in Latin.

27. Mass:

Mass is the central liturgical ritual service in the Roman Catholic
Church when reading of scripture is done and prayers and then they have
the Eucharist where they give the bread and wine and supposedly
transubstantiation is performed by the priest or higher official. It is
sometimes referred to as Most Holy Sacrifice of the Mass. The prayers and
other sayings done by the lay Roman Catholics as they answer back to the
priest are found in the Missal, another book added by the Roman Catholic
Church in order to properly worship. Jesus condemned rituals of the
Pharisees. Mass is nothing more than a ritual done each time with the same
words repeated and actions such as the false Eucharist. God said not to
pray in vain repetitions as the heathen do. Mass is not scriptural. A
person will never grow as a Christian (assuming they are truly saved) by
attending Mass.

[The Mass is at the same time, and inseparably, the sacrificial memorial
in which the sacrifice of the cross is perpetuated and the sacred banquet
of communion with the Lord's body and blood. But the celebration of the
Eucharistic sacrifice is wholly directed toward the intimate union of the
faithful with Christ through communion. To receive communion is to receive
Christ himself who has offered himself for us.] (Page 349, 1382)

Scripture says Jesus died for our sins once on the cross and it was
finished. (John 17:4 I have glorified thee on the earth: I have finished
the work which thou gavest me to do.) (John 19:30 When Jesus therefore had
received the vinegar, he said, It is finished: and he bowed his head, and
gave up the ghost.) He does not need to keep dying for us every time Mass
is done. The "Church" minimizes the work Jesus did for us on the cross and
makes it of no value, if works must be done and Jesus keeps dying for us
over and over. (Romans 6:10 For in that he died, he died unto sin once:
but in that he liveth, he liveth unto God.) We are told in Hebrews that
the sacrifice of Jesus does not need to be done daily as was done by the
Israelites (Jews). (Hebrews 9:27 Who needeth not daily, as those high
priests, to offer up sacrifice, first for his own sins, and then for the
people's: for this he did once, when he offered up himself.) (Hebrews 9:12
Neither by the blood of goats and calves, but by his own blood he entered
in once into the holy place, having obtained eternal redemption for us.)
(Hebrews 9:25-26 25 Nor yet that he should offer himself often, as the
high priest entereth into the holy place every year with blood of others;
26 For then must he often have suffered since the foundation of the world:
but now once in the end of the world hath he appeared to put away sin by
the sacrifice of himself.) (Hebrews 9:28 So Christ was once offered to
bear the sins of many; and unto them that look for him shall he appear the
second time without sin unto salvation.) (Hebrews 10:10-11 10 By the which
will we are sanctified through the offering of the body of Jesus Christ
once for all.
11 And every priest standeth daily ministering and offering oftentimes the
same sacrifices, which can never take away sins:) Peter the "first" pope
said in (I Peter 3:18 For Christ also hath once suffered for sins, the
just for the unjust, that he might bring us to God, being put to death in
the flesh, but quickened by the Spirit:) Do you think Peter would approve
of the Mass? (Jude 3 Beloved, when I gave all diligence to write unto you
of the common salvation, it was needful for me to write unto you, and
exhort you that ye should earnestly contend for the faith which was once
delivered unto the saints.) Mass is just another "Church" tradition that
is false and leads Roman Catholics into bondage and control of the
"Church." Please do not partake in this ritual and make the sacrifice of
Jesus for us on the cross for nought.

28. Praying to "saints", "saints save", and not all true born again
believers are saints:

The Roman Catholic Church teaches their people to pray to "saints" to
intercede for them. God condemns praying to the dead of which a Roman
Catholic must be dead in order to become a saint. Jesus is our only
intercessor, not Mary, not saints. Scripture says that all people who are
true born again believers and are saved are saints. (Acts 9:13 Then
Ananias answered, Lord, I have heard by many of this man, how much evil he
hath done to thy saints at Jerusalem:) (Romans 1:7 To all that be in Rome,
beloved of God, called to be saints: Grace to you and peace from God our
Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ.) (Romans 15:25-26 25 But now I go unto
Jerusalem to minister unto the saints.
26 For it hath pleased them of Macedonia and Achaia to make a certain
contribution for the poor saints which are at Jerusalem.) (Romans 16:15
Salute Philologus, and Julia, Nereus, and his sister, and Olympas, and all
the saints which are with them.) These verses clearly show that the saints
are alive. You cannot see or minister to a dead person nor can a dead
person be with you. Notice also all true Christians are saints, not just a
select few chosen by the "Church". The Roman Catholic Church falsely says
only a small amount of people can become saints. They are recognized as
saints only after their death and they must have a lifetime of "good
works" as well as performed at least two confirmed "miracles" and showed
"god like" qualities in their life as well as had a "high degree of
holiness". Most popes have never even become saints, so what hope is there
for the lay Roman Catholic? The act of canonizing is unscriptural. Jesus
nor anyone else in scripture ever referred to anyone as Saint (whatever
their name), so why does the "Church"? Never pray to dead people including
Mary.

[The witnesses who have preceded us into the kingdom, especially those
whom the Church recognizes as saints, share in the living tradition of
prayer by the example of their lives, the transmission of their writings,
and their prayer today. They contemplate God, praise him and constantly
care for those whom they have left on earth. When they entered into the
joy of their Master, they were "put in charge of many things." Their
intercession is their most exalted service to God's plan. We can and
should ask them to intercede for us and for the whole world.] (Page 645,
2683)

[The intercession of the saints. "Being more closely united to Christ,
those who dwell in heaven fix the whole Church more firmly in holiness....
[T]hey do not cease to intercede with the Father for us, as they proffer
the merits which they acquired on earth through the one mediator between
God and men, Christ Jesus.... So by their fraternal concern is our weakness
greatly helped."

Do not weep, for I shall be more useful to you after my death and I shall
help you then more effectively than during my life.

I want to spend my heaven in doing good on earth.] (Page 249, 956)

Once a person dies, they can do no more here on earth. They are
either in heaven or hell and cannot leave either to affect things here on
earth. (II Corinthians 5:8 We are confident, I say, and willing rather to
be absent from the body, and to be present with the Lord.)

[Communion with the saints. "It is not merely by the title of example that
we cherish the memory of those in heaven; we seek, rather, that by this
devotion to the exercise of fraternal charity the union of the whole
Church in the Spirit may be strengthened. Exactly as Christian communion
among our fellow pilgrims brings us closer to Christ, so our communion
with the saints joins us to Christ, from whom as from its fountain and
head issues all grace, and the life of the People of God itself".

We worship Christ as God's Son; we love the martyrs as the Lord's
disciples and imitators, and rightly so because of their matchless
devotion towards their king and master. May we also be their companions
and fellow disciples!] (Pages 249-250, 957)

Praying and communing with dead "saints" does not and will not join
you with Christ. One must be saved and become a true saint in order to be
with Jesus. The study of scripture and all verses about saints will show
they are true believers and not just special people so called by men after
their death.

[By canonizing some of the faithful, i.e., by solemnly proclaiming that
they practiced heroic virtue and lived in fidelity to God's grace, the
Church recognizes the power of the Spirit of holiness within her and
sustains the hope of believers by proposing the saints to them as models
and intercessors. "The saints have always been the source and origin of
renewal in the most difficult moments in the Church's history." Indeed,
"holiness is the hidden source and infallible measure of her apostolic
activity and missionary zeal."] (Page 219, 828)

Are dead "saints" our intercessors before God? We have seen above how
Jesus and only Jesus, not even Mary is our intercessor. (I John 2:1 My
little children, these things write I unto you, that ye sin not. And if
any man sin, we have an advocate with the Father, Jesus Christ the
righteous:) (I Timothy 2:5 For there is one God, and one mediator between
God and men, the man Christ Jesus;) These verses show our intercessor is
Jesus Christ, not priests, Mary, or dead "saints".  Why would a Roman
Catholic want to pray to a dead "saint" for intercession when they can go
before a living God and Saviour in the Lord Jesus Christ? God condemned
necromancy in scripture which is trying to contact the dead especially for
help with future events. (Deuteronomy 18:11-12 Or a charmer, or a
consulter with familiar spirits, or a wizard, or a necromancer.
12 For all that do these things are an abomination unto the LORD: and
because of these abominations the LORD thy God doth drive them out from
before thee.) Contacting the dead or praying to them opens doors to
devils. Devils are the ones speaking when a dead person is contacted.

(Matthew 27:52 And the graves were opened; and many bodies of the
saints which slept arose,) The "Church" must have been busy canonizing
many saints already for so many to rise from their graves at such an early
time in the church. This verse clearly shows that all true Christians are
saints as technically the official church started on Pentecost and this
was before, yet they were still called saints by God in scripture. (Romans
1:7 To all that be in Rome, beloved of God, called to be saints: Grace to
you and peace from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ.) God calls
people to be saints from the moment they are saved. It is not for the
"Church" to decide who is a "saint" and nowhere in scripture is a person
required to perform miracles in order to become a saint. (I Corinthians
1:2 Unto the church of God which is at Corinth, to them that are
sanctified in Christ Jesus, called to be saints, with all that in every
place call upon the name of Jesus Christ our Lord, both theirs and ours:)
(Ephesians 3:8 Unto me, who am less than the least of all saints, is this
grace given, that I should preach among the Gentiles the unsearchable
riches of Christ;) Paul says he is the least of all the saints. How many
could the "Church" have canonized at this time that were better than Paul?
Notice Paul said he was a saint and he was still alive, whereas the
"Church" says one must be dead. (Jude 14 And Enoch also, the seventh from
Adam, prophesied of these, saying, Behold, the Lord cometh with ten
thousands of his saints,) Jude says Jesus will come with ten thousands of
his saints. Has the Roman Catholic Church canonized that many "saints"?
All true believers are saints in God's eyes. These verses show that all
true Christians are saints and not just who the "Church" says are saints.

[We also call these spiritual goods of the communion of saints the
Church's treasury, which is "not the sum total of the material goods which
have accumulated during the course of the centuries. On the contrary the
'treasury of the Church' is the infinite value, which can never be
exhausted, which Christ's merits have before God. They were offered so
that the whole of mankind could be set free from sin and attain communion
with the Father. In Christ, the Redeemer himself, the satisfactions and
merits of his Redemption exist and find their effficacy."] (Page 371,
1476)

["This treasury includes as well the prayers and good works of the Blessed
Virgin Mary. They are truly immense, unfathomable, and even pristine in
their value before God. In the treasury, too, are the prayers and good
works of all the saints, all those who have followed in the footsteps of
Christ the Lord and by his grace have made their lives holy and carried
out the mission the Father entrusted to them. In this way they attained
their own salvation and at the same time cooperated in saving their
brothers in the unity of the Mystical Body."] (Page 371, 1477)

CCC 1476 and CCC 1477 show how the prayers and "good works" of Mary
and the "saints" can "save" people as well as they attained their own
salvation. As mentioned above, Mary nor any other "saints" which are dead
can help the living, nor save anyone. Salvation is only by Jesus. (Acts
4:12 Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name
under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved.) One does not
attain their salvation by works or any other means. We do not earn our own
salvation. One is saved by repenting, and calling upon Jesus to save them
which is possible by the shed blood of Jesus.

29. Infant baptism:

In scripture only those old enough to understand and truly be saved
were baptized. All examples were adults including Jesus. All were saved
first and then baptized by immersion. Baptism does not save a person. It
is done in obedience to the command of Jesus and shows the world you are a
follower of Jesus. It must be done by immersion and not pouring or
sprinkling as is done in the Roman Catholic Church. Baptism represents the
death, burial, and resurrection of the believer with Jesus. Baptism
represents the believer dying (by symbolic drowning), being buried [death
of old sinful life] (being under water), and rising again {new life in
Christ Jesus} [resurrection] (coming out of the water). One does not die
by pouring water on them or sprinkling nor do they get "buried". The Greek
word baptizo from where we get our English word baptize, means immersion.
Even the Roman Catholic Church agrees on what baptism represents, but then
pours water or sometimes sprinkles instead of baptism by immersion. A baby
does not get saved by being baptized and will not even remember it. This
is completely unscriptural. The "Church" even admits infant baptism is not
in scripture, but is a tradition. We see again how tradition overrides
God's word and commonsense. It is just water, how can it save a baby or
anyone.

[Born with a fallen human nature and tainted by original sin, children
also have need of the new birth in Baptism to be freed from the power of
darkness and brought into the realm of the freedom of the children of God,
to which all men are called. The sheer gratuitousness of the grace of
salvation is particularly manifest in infant Baptism. The Church and the
parents would deny a child the priceless grace of becoming a child of God
were they not to confer Baptism shortly after birth.] (Page 319, 1250)

[The practice of infant Baptism is an immemorial tradition of the Church.
There is explicit testimony to this practice from the second century on,
and it is quite possible that, from the beginning of the apostolic
preaching, when whole "households" received baptism, infants may also have
been baptized.] (Page 319, 1252)

[This sacrament is called Baptism, after the central rite by which it is
carried out: to baptize (Greek baptizein) means to "plunge" or "immerse";
the "plunge" into the water symbolizes the catechumen's burial into
Christ's death, from which he rises up by resurrection with him, as "a new
creature."] (Page 312, 1214)

[The different effects of Baptism are signified by the perceptible
elements of the sacramental rite. Immersion in water symbolizes not only
death and purification, but also regeneration and renewal. Thus the two
principal effects are purification from sins and new birth in the Holy
Spirit.] (Page 321, 1262)

Every example of baptism in scripture including our Lord Jesus Christ
was done by immersion to adults after they were saved, not to save them.
(Matthew 3:16 And Jesus, when he was baptized, went up straightway out of
the water: and, lo, the heavens were opened unto him, and he saw the
Spirit of God descending like a dove, and lighting upon him:) (Mark 1:9-10
9 And it came to pass in those days, that Jesus came from Nazareth of
Galilee, and was baptized of John in Jordan.
10 And straightway coming up out of the water, he saw the heavens opened,
and the Spirit like a dove descending upon him:) We should follow the
example of Jesus and be baptized by immersion as an adult believer or at
least a child old enough to understand and believe and by immersion. The
CCC mentions baptism by immersion, so why does it normally do pouring of
water or sometimes sprinkling? They say that some people are not able to
be immersed due to their location or health, but what about the vast
majority that can? Why are they not immersed? (Acts 2:41 ¶ Then they that
gladly received his word were baptized: and the same day there were added
unto them about three thousand souls.) These people were saved after
hearing Peter the "first" pope speak. After salvation, they were baptized.
(Acts 8:36-38 36 And as they went on their way, they came unto a certain
water: and the eunuch said, See, here is water; what doth hinder me to be
baptized?
37 And Philip said, If thou believest with all thine heart, thou mayest.
And he answered and said, I believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of God.
38 And he commanded the chariot to stand still: and they went down both
into the water, both Philip and the eunuch; and he baptized him.
39 And when they were come up out of the water, the Spirit of the Lord
caught away Philip, that the eunuch saw him no more: and he went on his
way rejoicing.) The eunuch asked Philip "what hinder me to be baptized?"
Philip told him if he "believest with all thine heart." This verse shows
that one must believe first and then be baptized. It also shows the eunuch
was baptized by immersion as he came up out of the water. One must be
under the water to come up out of the water. The newer Roman Catholic
bibles remove verse 37 and never answer the eunuch's question. The
"Church" does not like this verse because it shows that infant baptism is
wrong in that a newborn cannot believe and baptism does not save anyone.
The older Roman Catholic bible, the Douay-Rheims bible does still have
this verse as the "Church" knew it belonged, but not many people read
scripture then as the "Church" highly discouraged it and also had more
influence over the parishioners.

(Acts 8:12 But when they believed Philip preaching the things
concerning the kingdom of God, and the name of Jesus Christ, they were
baptized, both men and women.) (Acts 18:8 And Crispus, the chief ruler of
the synagogue, believed on the Lord with all his house; and many of the
Corinthians hearing believed, and were baptized.) These verses again show
one needs to be saved, then baptized. Infant baptism is not condoned by
God, nor is there any scriptural base for it. Baptism does not save and is
to be done by immersion after one is saved. This is again a tradition of
the "Church" to mislead its parishioners.

30. Confirmation:

Confirmation is a sacrament in the Roman Catholic Church and it is
believed that the one who is confirmed is brought into deeper communion
with the "Church". It is done after baptism and supposedly completes
baptism through sealing in Holy Spirit and anoints the one confirmed as
priest, prophet, and king. This is a completely unscriptural doctrine and
ritual. Confirmation is normally performed by a bishop, though
occasionally a priest is allowed to do it.

[Confirmation perfects Baptismal grace; it is the sacrament which gives
the Holy Spirit in order to root us more deeply in the divine filiation,
incorporate us more firmly into Christ, strengthen our bond with the
Church, associate us more closely with her mission, and help us bear
witness to the Christian faith in words accompanied by deeds.] (Page 333,
1316)

[Confirmation, like Baptism, imprints a spiritual mark or indelible
character on the Christian's soul; for this reason one can receive this
sacrament only once in one's life.] (Page 333, 1317)

Nowhere in scripture does it ever mention a Christian receiving a
spiritual mark.

[If a Christian is in danger of death, any priest can give him
Confirmation. Indeed the Church desires that none of her children, even
the youngest, should depart this world without having been perfected by
the Holy Spirit with the gift of Christ's fullness.] (Page 332, 1314)

The Roman Catholic Church refers to its members as "her" children.
Christians are children of God the Father, not the church. The true church
is the bride of Christ, so it can be referred to as her, but its members
are not children of the church.

Confirmation is another manmade doctrine by the Roman Catholic Church
and has no scriptural basis for it. A person receives the Holy Ghost
(referred to as Holy Spirit by the "Church") at the moment that they ask
Jesus to save them and they are saved and are born again. All true
believers have the Holy Ghost living in them from the moment of salvation,
so "Confirmation" is not necessary. (I Corinthians 3:16 Know ye not that
ye are the temple of God, and that the Spirit of God dwelleth in you?) (I
Corinthians 6:19 What? know ye not that your body is the temple of the
Holy Ghost which is in you, which ye have of God, and ye are not your
own?)

One does not need to be brought into deeper communion with the
"Church", they need to become closer to God. This is done by reading
scripture and praying. One must be truly saved first according to the
scriptures, not the salvation of the "Church." Scripture never says we are
incorporated more firmly in Christ by confirmation.

(II Corinthians 5:17 Therefore if any man be in Christ, he is a new
creature: old things are passed away; behold, all things are become new.)
Jesus makes one a new creature, not confirmation regardless of what one
does. At the moment of salvation, one becomes a new creature. (Romans 8:1
There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus,
who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit.) (Ephesians 2:13 But
now in Christ Jesus ye who sometimes were far off are made nigh by the
blood of Christ.) The verse in Ephesians shows how the blood of Christ
made us nigh (near) unto him, not confirmation. (I Corinthians 1:30 But of
him are ye in Christ Jesus, who of God is made unto us wisdom, and
righteousness, and sanctification, and redemption:)

[Baptism, the Eucharist, and the sacrament of Confirmation together
constitute the "sacraments of Christian initiation," whose unity must be
safeguarded. It must be explained to the faithful that the reception of
the sacrament of Confirmation is necessary for the completion of baptismal
grace. For "by the sacrament of Confirmation, [the baptized] are more
perfectly bound to the Church and are enriched with a special strength of
the Holy Spirit. Hence they are, as true witnesses of Christ, more
strictly obliged to spread and defend the faith by word and deed."] (Page
326, 1285)

CCC 1285 shows how confirmation bounds a Roman Catholic to the
"Church." That is well said. Again the "Church" wants to keep its
parishioners in bondage to a false tradition and make them earn their
salvation. Confirmation is to bring you into a closer bond with the
"Church". It is more like bondage. Jesus sets us free. Jesus said in (John
8:32 And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free.) and
in (John 8:36 If the Son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free
indeed.) Jesus himself said he would make you free. The truth of Jesus and
not the false doctrines of the "Church" will make you free. (Galatians 5:1
Stand fast therefore in the liberty wherewith Christ hath made us free,
and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage.) Jesus said come to
him and get out of bondage. The "Church" wants to keep you in bondage.

["From that time on the apostles, in fulfillment of Christ's will,
imparted to the newly baptized by the laying on of hands the gift of the
Spirit that completes the grace of Baptism. For this reason in the Letter
to the Hebrews the doctrine concerning Baptism and the laying on of hands
is listed among the first elements of Christian instruction. The
imposition of hands is rightly recognized by the Catholic tradition as the
origin of the sacrament of Confirmation, which in a certain way
perpetuates the grace of Pentecost in the Church."] (Page 326, 1288)

CCC 1288 clearly shows that confirmation is a tradition of the
"Church" and is not scriptural. Do you want to obey God's word in
scripture or the words of the Catechism? Trust Jesus and he will set you
free from the bondage of the "Church" and your works for her.

31. A Roman Catholic must confess their sins to a priest:

A Roman Catholic is expected to go to a priest at least once a year
and confess their "serious" sins. This practice is unscriptural. A true
born again believer who is a child of God is a priest and therefore all
true believers can go directly to God. We pray and ask things from God the
Father in Jesus' name, but we can pray to God anywhere and at any time.
One does not need to go to a priest to ask for forgiveness as only Jesus
can forgive our sins. We are never told to confess our sins to another
person, only our faults. We confess our sins to Jesus. (James 5:16 Confess
your faults one to another, and pray one for another, that ye may be
healed. The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much.)
The false, corrupted Roman Catholic bibles change faults to sin in James
to justify their doctrine of confessing ones sins to a priest. To get
right with God, we need to confess all of our sins to God, not a priest
and one should name them as much as they can remember. One should try to
confess them shortly after committing them so as to remember them and to
get right with God. When one truly confesses their sins to God, they are
acknowledging and agreeing with God that they are sins and that they
should not be repeating them. Roman Catholics often feel that once they
have confessed their sins to a priest and had their sins forgiven (or so
they think), then they are free to sin again the same sin and they can
just keep confessing the sin to a priest. God and scripture says
otherwise. (Romans 6:15 What then? shall we sin, because we are not under
the law, but under grace? God forbid.) This practice of confessing sins to
a male priest can be extremely uncomfortable for females who often have to
tell him details that no man who is not her husband should hear. She needs
to bring these sins directly to God and skip man. Priests are supposed to
keep everything they are told during confession in complete confidence and
it is to be told to no one. Priests are men and sinners as all people are
and you know this has not and is not always the case.

[One who desires to obtain reconciliation with God and with the Church,
must confess to a priest all the unconfessed grave sins he remembers after
having carefully examined his conscience. The confession of venial faults,
without being necessary in itself, is nevertheless strongly recommended by
the Church.] (Page 374, 1493)

[Only priests who have received the faculty of absolving from the
authority of the Church can forgive sins in the name of Christ.] (Page
374, 1495)

[Individual and integral confession of grave sins followed by absolution
remains the only ordinary means of reconciliation with God and with the
Church.] (Page 374, 1497)

[It is called the sacrament of confession, since the disclosure or
confession of sins to a priest is an essential element of this sacrament.
In a profound sense it is also a "confession" - acknowledgment and praise
- of the holiness of God and of his mercy toward sinful man.

It is called the sacrament of forgiveness, since by the priest's
sacramental absolution God grants the penitent "pardon and peace."

It is called the sacrament of Reconciliation, because it imparts to the
sinner the love of God who reconciles: "Be reconciled to God." He who
lives by God's merciful love is ready to respond to the Lord's call: "Go;
first be reconciled to your brother."] (Pages 357-358, 1424)

[According to the Church's command, "after having attained the age of
discretion, each of the faithful is bound by an obligation faithfully to
confess serious sins at least once a year." Anyone who is aware of having
committed a mortal sin must not receive Holy Communion, even if he
experiences deep contrition, without having first received sacramental
absolution, unless he has a grave reason for receiving Communion and there
is no possibility of going to confession. Children must go to the
sacrament of Penance before receiving Holy Communion for the first time."]
(Pages 365-366, 1457)

[Without being strictly necessary, confession of everyday faults (venial
sins) is nevertheless strongly recommended by the Church. Indeed the
regular confession of our venial sins helps us from our conscience, fight
against evil tendencies, let ourselves be healed by Christ and progress in
the life of the Spirit. By receiving more frequently through this
sacrament the gift of the Father's mercy, we are spurred to be merciful as
he is merciful. ....] (Page 366, 1458)

Roman Catholics are bound to go to a priest and confess their sins.
Again we see how the Roman Catholic Church tries to maintain control over
individual Roman Catholics. The "Church" is right in saying they have
bound Roman Catholics. The leaders of the "Church" keep Roman Catholics in
bondage to the "Church" and bondage from the truth by scare tactics.

(I Timothy 2:5 For there is one God, and one mediator between God and
men, the man Christ Jesus;) This verse shows you go to God the Father
through Jesus, not a priest. (Acts 8:18-22 18 And when Simon saw that
through laying on of the apostles' hands the Holy Ghost was given, he
offered them money,
19 Saying, Give me also this power, that on whomsoever I lay hands, he may
receive the Holy Ghost.
20 But Peter said unto him, Thy money perish with thee, because thou hast
thought that the gift of God may be purchased with money.
21 Thou hast neither part nor lot in this matter: for thy heart is not
right in the sight of God.
22 Repent therefore of this thy wickedness, and pray God, if perhaps the
thought of thine heart may be forgiven thee.) These verses in Acts show
how when Simon saw Peter (the "first" pope) laying hands on people and
they received the Holy Ghost, he offered Peter money for this power. Peter
never said confess your sins to me. He told Simon to repent and pray to
God, not him (Peter). If the "first" pope is saying this then why do
priests think they are better than Peter? (I Samuel 12:10 And they cried
unto the LORD, and said, We have sinned, because we have forsaken the
LORD, and have served Baalim and Ashtaroth: but now deliver us out of the
hand of our enemies, and we will serve thee.) (Psalm 32:5 I acknowledged
my sin unto thee, and mine iniquity have I not hid. I said, I will confess
my transgressions unto the LORD; and thou forgavest the iniquity of my
sin. Selah.) (Psalm 51:1 Have mercy upon me, O God, according to thy
lovingkindness: according unto the multitude of thy tender mercies blot
out my transgressions.) (Psalm 79:9 Help us, O God of our salvation, for
the glory of thy name: and deliver us, and purge away our sins, for thy
name's sake.) These verses all show the people confessing their sins to
God, not a priest. There are other verses throughout the various false
doctrines such as under penance that show doing works such as confessing
ones sins to a priest are unscriptural and add to the burdens of the Roman
Catholic. 

[The Apostle's Creed associates faith in the forgiveness of sins not only
with faith in the Holy Spirit, but also with faith in the Church and in
the communion of saints. It was when he gave the Holy Spirit to his
apostles that the risen Christ conferred on them his own divine power to
forgive sins: "Receive the Holy Spirit. If you forgive the sins of any,
they are forgiven; if you retain the sins of any, they are retained."]
(Page 254, 976)

CCC 976 says the "Church" can forgive sins and Jesus conferred on
them the power to forgive sins. Only Jesus can forgive sins, not the
"Church", Mary, the pope, or priests and even the Pharisees knew only God
could forgive sins and that is why they accused Jesus of blasphemy when he
forgave people's sins. The "Church' and priests are guilty of blasphemy.
(Mark 2:5-7 5 When Jesus saw their faith, he said unto the sick of the
palsy, Son, thy sins be forgiven thee.
6 But there were certain of the scribes sitting there, and reasoning in
their hearts,
7 Why doth this man thus speak blasphemies? who can forgive sins but God
only?) (Luke 5:20-21 20 And when he saw their faith, he said unto him,
Man, thy sins are forgiven thee.
21 And the scribes and the Pharisees began to reason, saying, Who is this
which speaketh blasphemies? Who can forgive sins, but God alone?) Does the
"Church" and its leaders think it is smarter than the Pharisees and above
blasphemy?

32. Penance:

Penance is when a Roman Catholic must go to a priest and confess
their sins to him and have the priest supposedly forgive them of their
sins. This is known as absolution. It also includes doing work to make
sure their sins are forgiven. The works may include such things as prayer,
helping a neighbor, works of mercy, sacrifices, et cetera. This is why
Roman Catholics often do many good works in helping the poor and other
charities. Those are good things that anyone who is a true Christian ought
to do as well, but they should do them because they are a Christian and
God commands us to help others, but not because they will help us have our
sins forgiven or to think we get "brownie" points with God. Penance is
another unscriptural manmade doctrine of the Roman Catholic Church. The
sacrament of Penance as all of the Church sacraments is needed for
salvation for a Roman Catholic. We only need to call upon Jesus for
salvation, no works are needed.

[It is through the sacrament of Penance that the baptized can be
reconciled with God and with the Church:

Penance has rightly been called by the holy Fathers "a laborious kind of
baptism." This sacrament of Penance is necessary for salvation for those
who have fallen after Baptism, just as Baptism is necessary for salvation
for those who have not yet been reborn.] (Page 255, 980)

If one sins after they are truly saved (reborn scripturally), then
they are expected by God to confess their sin to him, but whether they do
or not will not cause a person to lose their salvation and become unsaved,
just their walk with God will not be so close. God will punish Christians
who continue in sin, but they will not lose their salvation if they are
truly saved. The "Church" just always makes salvation a lifetime of works
and even says penance is "laborious". Works make salvation hard and it is
easy.

[Christ instituted the sacrament of Penance for all sinful members of his
Church: above all for those who, since Baptism, have fallen into grave
sin, and have thus lost their baptismal grace and wounded ecclesial
communion. It is to them that the sacrament of Penance offers a new
possibility to convert and to recover the grace of justification. The
Fathers of the Church present this sacrament as "the second plank [of
salvation] after the shipwreck which is the loss of grace."] (Page 363,
1446)

[Only God forgives sins. Since he is the Son of God, Jesus says of
himself, "The Son of man has authority on earth to forgive sins" and
exercises this divine power: "Your sins are forgiven." Further, by virtue
of his divine authority he gives this power to men to exercise in his
name.] (Page 362, 1441)

The Roman Catholic Church admits that only God can forgive sins, but
then tries to justify their practice of priests forgiving sins by saying
Jesus gave this power to men also. God does not share forgiving sins with
anyone. Jesus never even gave this authority to his apostles who walked
with him and are the supposed founders especially Peter of the Roman
Catholic Church. Why would Jesus let priests today have this power, but
not even Peter who allegedly founded the "Church"?

[Confession to a priest is an essential part of the sacrament of Penance:
"All mortal sins of which penitents after a diligent self-examination are
conscious must be recounted by them in confession, even if they are most
secret and have been committed against the last two precepts of the
Decalogue; for these sins sometimes wound the soul more grievously and are
more dangerous than those which are committed openly."

When Christ's faithful strive to confess all the sins that they can
remember, they undoubtedly place all of them before the divine mercy for
pardon. But those who fail to do so and knowingly withhold some, place
nothing before the divine goodness for remission through the meditation of
the priest, "for if the sick person is too ashamed to show his wound to
the doctor, the medicine cannot heal what it does not know."] (Page 365,
1456)

Remission of sins is only through the shedding of the blood of Jesus,
not by a sinful priest. (Hebrews 9:22 And almost all things are by the law
purged with blood; and without shedding of blood is no remission.)
(Hebrews 10:17-18 17 And their sins and iniquities will I remember no
more.
18Now where remission of these is, there is no more offering for sin.)

[Many sins wrong our neighbor. One must do what is possible in order to
repair the harm (e.g., return stolen goods, restore the reputation of
someone slandered, pay compensation for injuries). Simple justice requires
as much. But sin also injures and weakens the sinner himself, as well as
his relationships with God and neighbor. Absolution takes away sin, but it
does not remedy all the disorders sin has caused. Raised up from sin, the
sinner must still recover his full spiritual health by doing something
more to make amends for the sin: he must "make satisfaction for" or
"expiate" his sins. This satisfaction is also called "penance."] (Page
366, 1459)

[The penance the confessor imposes must take into account the penitent's
personal situation and must seek his spiritual good. It must correspond as
far as possible with the gravity and nature of the sins committed. It can
consist of prayer, an offering, works of mercy, service of neighbor,
voluntary self-denial, sacrifices, and above all the patient acceptance of
the cross we must bear. Such penances help configure us to Christ, who
alone expiated our sins once for all. They allow us to become co-heirs
with the risen Christ, "provided we suffer with him."

The satisfaction that we make for our sins, however, is not so much ours
as though it were not done through Jesus Christ. We who can do nothing
ourselves, as if just by ourselves, can do all things with the cooperation
of "him who strengthens" us. Thus man has nothing of which to boast, but
all our boasting is in Christ... in whom we make satisfaction by bringing
forth "fruits that befit repentance." These fruits have their efficacy
from him, by him they are offered to the Father, and through him they are
accepted by the Father.] (Page 367, 1460)

[The interior penance of the Christian can be expressed in many and
various ways. Scripture and the Fathers insist above all on three forms,
fasting, prayer, and almsgiving, which express conversion in relation to
oneself, to God, and to others. Alongside the radical purification brought
about by Baptism or martyrdom they cite as means of obtaining forgiveness
of sins: effort at reconciliation with one's neighbor, tears of
repentance, concern for the salvation of one's neighbor, the intercession
of the saints, and the practice of charity "which covers a multitude of
sins."] (Page 360, 1434) CCC 1434 shows how fasting, prayer, and
almsgiving will save you. This is also seen in their false scriptures in
Tobit 4:10 and 12:8-9. One should help the poor, but it will not save
anyone.

We see how penance is a series of works done for salvation as penance
is necessary for salvation. This is unscriptural. The "Church" believes
Roman Catholics must "suffer with him" in order to be co-heirs with
Christ. This is why some Roman Catholics perform the "stations of the
cross" and torture themselves believing this will save them and get them
to heaven. This is false and another way for the "Church" to keep precious
Roman Catholic souls in bondage to Satan.

I have already shown how works will not save anyone and all who call
upon Jesus in sincerity shall be saved. Roman Catholicism always adds work
for salvation. Penance is just another work and denies the work or at
least minimizes what Jesus did for us on the cross. Jesus paid it all, but
this is not what the Roman Catholic Church believes or teaches. Who do you
want to believe and trust? With Jesus the work has been done for you, but
with Roman Catholicism, you can never do enough "good work." (Galatians
2:16 Knowing that a man is not justified by the works of the law, but by
the faith of Jesus Christ, even we have believed in Jesus Christ, that we
might be justified by the faith of Christ, and not by the works of the
law: for by the works of the law shall no flesh be justified.) (Romans
3:24 Being justified freely by his grace through the redemption that is in
Christ Jesus:) This verse shows we are saved by grace freely and not by
any works we do.

We see how in the Old Testament, people confessed to God, not a
priest. (Daniel 9:4 And I prayed unto the LORD my God, and made my
confession, and said, O Lord, the great and dreadful God, keeping the
covenant and mercy to them that love him, and to them that keep his
commandments;) (Joshua 7:19 And Joshua said unto Achan, My son, give, I
pray thee, glory to the LORD God of Israel, and make confession unto him;
and tell me now what thou hast done; hide it not from me.) Daniel
confessed to God and Joshua told Achan to confess to God, not a priest. (I
John 1:9 If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our
sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.) This verse refers to
confessing to Jesus, not a priest.

Jesus was accused of blasphemy by the Pharisees because he forgave
sin and they said only God can forgive sins. They were right in that only
God can forgive sins, they just did not realize Jesus is God. The
Pharisees never told anyone to go to a priest and confess their sins so
the priest could forgive them. If the Pharisees knew scripture well enough
to know that only God can forgive sins, then why do not the priests and
"Church" leaders? (Luke 5:21 And the scribes and the Pharisees began to
reason, saying, Who is this which speaketh blasphemies? Who can forgive
sins, but God alone?)

33. Roman Catholic Church says there are degrees of sin:

[Sins are rightly evaluated according to their gravity. The distinction
between mortal and venial sin, already evident in Scripture, became part
of the tradition of the Church. It is corroborated by human experience.]
(Page 454, 1854)

[Mortal sin destroys charity in the heart of man by a grave violation of
God's law; it turns man away from God, who is his ultimate end and his
beatitude, by preferring an inferior good to him.

Venial sin allows charity to subsist, even though it offends and wounds
it.] (Page 454, 1855)

[For a sin to be mortal, three conditions must together be met: "Mortal
sin is sin whose object is grave matter and which is also committed with
full knowledge and deliberate consent."] (Page 455, 1857)

We see how the "Church" has different sin categories to justify some
of the sins of the "Church". All sin causes death which is why we need
true salvation by Jesus. (Romans 6:23 For the wages of sin is death; but
the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord.)

[Grave matter is specified by the Ten Commandments, corresponding to the
answer of Jesus to the rich young man: "Do not kill, Do not commit
adultery, Do not steal, Do not bear false witness, Do not defraud, Honor
your father and your mother." The gravity of sins is more or less great:
murder is graver than theft. One must also take into account who is
wronged: violence against parents is in itself graver than violence
against a stranger.] (Page 455, 1858)

[Mortal sin is a radical possibility of human freedom, as is love itself.
It results in the loss of charity and the privation of sanctifying grace,
that is, of the state of grace. If it is not redeemed by repentance and
God's forgiveness, it causes exclusion from Christ's kingdom and the
eternal death of hell, for our freedom has the power to make choices for
ever, with no turning back. However, although we can judge that an act is
in itself a grave offense, we must entrust judgment of persons to the
justice and mercy of God.] (Page 456, 1861)

[The teaching of the Church affirms the existence of hell and its
eternity. Immediately after death the souls of those who die in a state of
mortal sin descend into hell, where they suffer the punishments of hell,
"eternal fire." The chief punishment of hell is eternal separation from
God, in whom alone man can possess the life and happiness for which he was
created and for which he longs.] (Page 270, 1035)

[One commits venial sin when, in a less serious matter, he does not
observe the standard prescribed by the moral law, or when he disobeys the
moral law in a grave matter, but without full knowledge or without
complete consent.] (Page 456, 1862)

[Vices can be classified according to the virtues they oppose, or also be
linked to the capital sins which Christian experience has distinguished,
following St. John Cassian and St. Gregory the Great. They are called
"capital" because they engender other sins, other vices. They are pride,
avarice, envy, wrath, lust, gluttony, and sloth or acedia.] (Page 457,
1866)

The Roman Catholic Church tries to say some sins will doom you to
hell if left unconfessed while others will not. The "Church" tries to
minimize some sins and act as if God does not care about them. God hates
all sin. All sin can be forgiven except the blasphemy of the Holy Ghost.
Jesus himself said in (Matthew 12:31 ¶ Wherefore I say unto you, All
manner of sin and blasphemy shall be forgiven unto men: but the blasphemy
against the Holy Ghost shall not be forgiven unto men.) It is not the
committing of so called "mortal sins" and then leaving them unconfessed
that sends a person to hell. Only one thing, one sin will send a person to
an eternity in hell and the lake of fire and that is the rejection of
Jesus Christ as their personal Saviour.

Scripture shows that God puts all sin on an equal level and all have
sinned and sin will lead to death and an eternity in the lake of fire
unless one is forgiven of their sins by Jesus when they ask Jesus to save
them. (Romans 3:23 For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of
God;) All here means all, including Mary and the pope. (Romans 6:23 For
the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through
Jesus Christ our Lord.) (I John 3:4 Whosoever committeth sin transgresseth
also the law: for sin is the transgression of the law.) Transgressions are
sins. The "Church" teaches only unconfessed "mortal" sins will send
someone to hell. As seen above "mortal sins" are breaking the ten
commandments. Roman Catholics do this every day with their statues and
images and their idolatry. All people including Roman Catholics lie and
many of those are unconfessed, but the "Church" minimizes lying since the
"Church" lies to its people and deceives them every day. God says
otherwise. (Exodus 20:16 Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy
neighbour.) Bearing false witness is lying. This is one of the ten
commandments. (Revelation 21:8 But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the
abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters,
and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire
and brimstone: which is the second death.) This verse says all liars will
be in hell and later the lake of fire. Only those forgiven by God will be
saved from the lake of fire.

Precious Roman Catholic, call upon Jesus to forgive you and save you.
(Ephesians 1:7 In whom we have redemption through his blood, the
forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of his grace;) Salvation
comes by God's grace by his Son Jesus, not the Roman Catholic Church. (I
John 1:9 If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our
sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.) (Matthew 26:28 For this
is my blood of the new testament, which is shed for many for the remission
of sins.) It is by the shed blood of Jesus that one may be forgiven and
saved, not the Roman Catholic Church. (Psalm 32:1 Blessed is he whose
transgression is forgiven, whose sin is covered.)

34. Roman Catholic prayers:

[Prayer cannot be reduced to the spontaneous outpouring of interior
impulse: in order to pray, one must have the will to pray. Nor is it
enough to know what the Scriptures reveal about prayer: one must also
learn how to pray. Through a living transmission (Sacred Tradition) within
"the believing and praying Church," the Holy Spirit teaches the children
of God how to pray.] (Page 637, 2650)

There are two unscriptural ideas seen in this doctrine. The "Church"
says you cannot just pray to God spontaneously. Scripture says otherwise.
Moses cried unto the LORD and he heard him. (Exodus 15:25 And he cried
unto the LORD; and the LORD shewed him a tree, which when he had cast into
the waters, the waters were made sweet: there he made for them a statute
and an ordinance, and there he proved them,) (Psalm 18:6 In my distress I
called upon the LORD, and cried unto my God: he heard my voice out of his
temple, and my cry came before him, even into his ears.) (Psalm 62:8 Trust
in him at all times; ye people, pour out your heart before him: God is a
refuge for us. Selah.) Those who are saved and trusting in God will be
heard. (Psalm 107:13 Then they cried unto the LORD in their trouble, and
he saved them out of their distresses.) Many other places in scripture
show how people spontaneously cried out to God in their distress and he
heard them. One does not even need to know any scripture to cry out to God
to save them from their sins.

The second false thing is that scripture cannot teach you how to
pray. The "Church" says only tradition can teach a Roman Catholic how to
pray. Again scripture clearly contradicts this. Jesus himself taught the
apostles how to pray when they asked, including Peter (supposedly the
first pope). (Luke 11:1-4 1 And it came to pass, that, as he was praying
in a certain place, when he ceased, one of his disciples said unto him,
Lord, teach us to pray, as John also taught his disciples.
2 And he said unto them, When ye pray, say, Our Father which art in
heaven, Hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done, as in
heaven, so in earth.
3 Give us day by day our daily bread.
4 And forgive us our sins; for we also forgive every one that is indebted
to us. And lead us not into temptation; but deliver us from evil.) Does
the "Church" think it can teach better than Jesus? How did the people of
the Old Testament pray without having the traditions of the Roman Catholic
Church to teach them how to pray, when the "Church" was not even around
yet? God answered their prayers. (Genesis 20:17 ¶ So Abraham prayed unto
God: and God healed Abimelech, and his wife, and his maidservants; and
they bare children.) God answered Abraham's prayer. (I Samuel 1:27 For
this child I prayed; and the LORD hath given me my petition which I asked
of him:) God answered Hannah's prayer when she prayed for a son and God
gave her Samson. (II Kings 6:17-18 17 And Elisha prayed, and said, LORD, I
pray thee, open his eyes, that he may see. And the LORD opened the eyes of
the young man; and he saw: and, behold, the mountain was full of horses
and chariots of fire round about Elisha.
18 And when they came down to him, Elisha prayed unto the LORD, and said,
Smite this people, I pray thee, with blindness. And he smote them with
blindness according to the word of Elisha.) We see how God answered two of
Elisha's prayers. God answered the prayers of many others without the help
of the "Church."

The Roman Catholic Church also teaches its members to pray certain
prayers over and over. These prayers are found in the Roman Missal and
Breviary that can be said during Mass. Jesus condemned this when he said
in (Matthew 6:7 But when ye pray, use not vain repetitions, as the heathen
do: for they think that they shall be heard for their much speaking.) God
wants you to pray from your heart, not just some words memorized as told
to you by the "Church." Saying "Hail Mary's" or the "Rosary" are two other
repetitious prayers and saying "Hail Mary's" calls upon Mary instead of
God again elevating her above Jesus. The rosary is a series of beads that
are counted when praying. The prayers consist of the "Lord's Prayer" and
"Hail Mary's" and "Glory Be" and sometimes another prayer is thrown in.
The "Hail Mary" prayer says "Hail Mary, full of grace. The Lord is with
thee. Blessed art thou among women, and blessed is the fruit of thy womb,
Jesus. Holy Mary, Mother of God, pray for us sinners, now and at the hour
of our death. Amen." These prayers are very repetitious and Mary gets the
glory, not God. Popes encourage the rosary to "participate in the life of
Mary' and for venerating Mary. The popes are encouraging Mariolatry.

Roman Catholics make the sign of the cross before and after they pray
and at other times such as when they enter or leave a church, at the start
of Mass, when the name of Jesus is taken in vain (not often as many Roman
Catholics are the ones taking God's name in vain), when passing a church
since "the tabernacle of the Holy Eucharist" is inside, or at other times.
The making of the sign of the cross is done frequently by Roman Catholics
and is done touching their forehead with their right hand at the word
"Father", touching the lower middle of their chest at the word "Son" and
their left shoulder at the word "Holy" and their right shoulder at the
word "Spirit". The prayer itself is said while this is done and is "In the
name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit. Amen." This is
again a repetitious vain prayer and is not found in scripture. It is just
another ritual and "work" for the Roman Catholic to do. Making the sign of
the cross is supposedly done to call on the "Savior's grace" and
strengthen the person from temptations.

[The Christian begins his day, his prayers, and his activities with the
Sign of the Cross: "in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the
Holy Spirit. Amen." The baptized person dedicates the day to the glory of
God and calls on the Savior's grace which lets him act in the Spirit as a
child of the Father. The sign of the cross strengthens us in temptations
and difficulties.] (Page 521, 2157)

[The Christian begins his prayers and activities with the Sign of the
Cross: "in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit.
Amen."] (Page 522, 2166)

[Sacramentals are instituted for the sanctification of certain ministries
of the Church, certain states of life, a great variety of circumstances in
Christian life, and the use of many things helpful to man. In accordance
with bishops' pastoral decisions, they can also respond to the needs,
culture, and special history of the Christian people of a particular
region or time. They always include a prayer, often accompanied by a
specific sign, such as the laying on of hands, the sign of the cross, or
the sprinkling of holy water (which recalls Baptism).] (Page 415, 1668)

CCC 1668 shows making the sign of the cross is a sacramental.
Sacramentals "sanctify" things such as the person who does it to
themselves.

[Sacramentals are sacred signs instituted by the Church. They prepare men
to receive the fruit of the sacraments and sanctify different
circumstances of life.]

[Among sacramentals blessings (of persons, meals, objects, and places)
come first. Every blessing praises God and prays for his gifts. In Christ,
Christians are blessed by God the Father "with every spiritual
blessing."This is why the Church imparts blessings by invoking the name of
Jesus, usually while making the holy sign of the cross of Christ.] (Page
416, 1671)

35. Statues (idols), removal of the second commandment and holy days for
people:

[All the signs in the liturgical celebrations are related to Christ: as
are sacred images of the holy Mother of God and of the saints as well.
They truly signify Christ, who is glorified in them. They make manifest
the "cloud of witnesses" who continue to participate in the salvation of
the world and to whom we are united, above all in sacramental
celebrations. Through their icons, it is man "in the image of God,"
finally transfigured "into his likeness," who is revealed to our faith. So
too are the angels, who also are recapitulated in Christ:

Following the divinely inspired teaching of our holy Fathers and the
tradition of the Catholic Church (for we know that this tradition comes
from the Holy Spirit who dwells in her) we rightly define with full
certainty and correctness that, like the figure of the precious and
life-giving cross, venerable and holy images of our Lord and God and
Savior, Jesus Christ, our inviolate Lady, the holy Mother of God, and the
venerated angels, all the saints and the just, whether painted or made of
mosaic or another suitable material, are to be exhibited in the holy
churches of God, on sacred vessels and vestments, walls and panels, in
houses and on streets.] (Page 300, 1161)

The "Church" admits this practice of idol worship is not in
scripture, but from tradition of the "holy Fathers." Jesus said in (Mark
7:7-9 7 Howbeit in vain do they worship me, teaching for doctrines the
commandments of men.
8 For laying aside the commandment of God, ye hold the tradition of men,
as the washing of pots and cups: and many other such like things ye do.
9 And he said unto them, Full well ye reject the commandment of God, that
ye may keep your own tradition.) The "Church" has put tradition of men
ahead of God's commands. The "Church" worships idols. (Psalm 115:2-8 2
Wherefore should the heathen say, Where is now their God?
3 But our God is in the heavens: he hath done whatsoever he hath pleased.
4 Their idols are silver and gold, the work of men's hands.
5 They have mouths, but they speak not: eyes have they, but they see not:
6 They have ears, but they hear not: noses have they, but they smell not:
7 They have hands, but they handle not: feet have they, but they walk not:
neither speak they through their throat.
8 They that make them are like unto them; so is every one that trusteth in
them.) This describes the idols of Roman Catholicism well, whether the
Eucharist, statues of Mary, relics or any of the other idols of Roman
Catholicism. They cannot speak, hear, or help you. Destroy them now and
turn to the true God of Jesus who can hear, speak and help you and save
you.

[Sacred images in our churches and homes are intended to awaken and
nourish our faith in the mystery of Christ. Through the icon of Christ and
his works of salvation, it is he whom we adore. Through sacred images of
the holy Mother of God, of the angels and of the saints, we venerate the
persons represented.] (Page 307, 1192)

God condemns the worship of idols including bowing down to them, or
even having any graven images. This was the second of the ten
commandments. This is one reason there are no pictures of Jesus because
God does not want people to even worship the image of his Son, God wants
worship of Jesus himself. The Roman Catholic Church says it does not
worship the images, but they venerate them. Venerate means to hold in such
a high regard as to almost worship it. It is just a play on words by the
"Church" to deceive its parishioners. God clearly says not to bow down
before them or pray to them as Roman Catholics do including the pope. All
Roman Catholic churches are required to have a relic of some kind in the
church such as a piece of a bone from a dead saint which is to be
displayed at the altar so they may be venerated. That is sick. There are
three classes of relics. A first class relic is an item supposedly
directly associated with the events of the life of Jesus Christ such as
the manger, cross, or his "burial cloth", et cetera or the physical
remains of a "saint" such as a piece of a bone, skull, or limb, or a piece
of hair. Second class relics are items worn or used by a "saint" such as a
rosary, crucifix, a book, or a piece of clothing. Third class relics are
items that were touched by a first or second class relic such as clothing
or oil used in a lamp supposedly by Jesus or a "saint." These items lead
to idolatry and become more important than Jesus. The idea of relics is
not found in scripture.

God told Moses to make a brasen serpent for the people to look upon
and be healed when bitten by a serpent. (Numbers 21:9 And Moses made a
serpent of brass, and put it upon a pole, and it came to pass, that if a
serpent had bitten any man, when he beheld the serpent of brass, he
lived.) In the days of king Hezekiah, the people worshipped the brasen
serpent, so Hezekiah had it destroyed. (II Kings 18:4 ¶ He removed the
high places, and brake the images, and cut down the groves, and brake in
pieces the brasen serpent that Moses had made: for unto those days the
children of Israel did burn incense to it: and he called it Nehushtan.)
The brasen serpent was originally made by God's command for a purpose, but
not to be worshipped or even venerated and once people started worshipping
it, it had to be destroyed. Even if something is done originally for God,
if it turns into idolatry, it must be destroyed. The "Church" tries to use
the example of the brasen serpent and the ark of the covenant to justify
statues, but that is not why God had Moses make it. The "Church" is always
trying to justify its idolatry.

The Roman Catholic Church says in the Catechism of the Catholic
Church that mortal sins are willingly breaking one of the ten commandments
and not repenting. (See CCC's 1857, 1858, and 1861 shown under "degrees of
sin".) Those who do will go to hell. This is exactly what the "Church"
teaches its people to do and by its own words then those people are going
to hell. Why teach something so dangerous as this. God also says idolaters
will go to hell. (Exodus 20:4-5 4 Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven
image, or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in
the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth:
5 Thou shalt not bow down thyself to them, nor serve them: for I the LORD
thy God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the
children unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate me;)
(Deuteronomy 5:8-9 8 Thou shalt not make thee any graven image, or any
likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth
beneath, or that is in the waters beneath the earth:
9 Thou shalt not bow down thyself unto them, nor serve them: for I the
LORD thy God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon
the children unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate me,).
These two verses from the ten commandments clearly show that one is not to
make a graven image and/or bow down before it. This is exactly what the
"Church" accepts and teaches. Even the pope has bowed down and kissed
statues of Mary. (Deuteronomy 32:16-17 16 They provoked him to jealousy
with strange gods, with abominations provoked they him to anger.
17 They sacrificed unto devils, not to God; to gods whom they knew not, to
new gods that came newly up, whom your fathers feared not.) (I Corinthians
10:19-21 19 What say I then? that the idol is any thing, or that which is
offered in sacrifice to idols is any thing?
20 But I say, that the things which the Gentiles sacrifice, they sacrifice
to devils, and not to God: and I would not that ye should have fellowship
with devils.
21 Ye cannot drink the cup of the Lord, and the cup of devils: ye cannot
be partakers of the Lord's table, and of the table of devils.) These
verses show that there are devils behind idols. Most Roman Catholics do
not know that they are actually bowing down to and worshipping devils, but
the devils do. The "Church" calls devils demons. Now that you know as
well, are you going to obey God's word and stop bowing before them and
worshipping them? Destroy any that you may have. (Leviticus 19:4 ¶ Turn ye
not unto idols, nor make to yourselves molten gods: I am the LORD your
God.) (Leviticus 26:1 Ye shall make you no idols nor graven image, neither
rear you up a standing image, neither shall ye set up any image of stone
in your land, to bow down unto it: for I am the LORD your God.) (Isaiah
42:8 I am the LORD: that is my name: and my glory will I not give to
another, neither my praise to graven images.) (I John 5:21 Little
children, keep yourselves from idols. Amen.) (I Corinthians 10:14
Wherefore, my dearly beloved, flee from idolatry.) (I Samuel 15:23 For
rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft, and stubbornness is as iniquity and
idolatry. ...) (Galations 5:19-21 19 Now the works of the flesh are
manifest, which are these; Adultery, fornication, uncleanness,
lasciviousness,
20 Idolatry, witchcraft, hatred, variance, emulations, wrath, strife,
seditions, heresies,
21 Envyings, murders, drunkenness, revellings, and such like: of the which
I tell you before, as I have also told you in time past, that they which
do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God.) (Ephesians 5:5-6 5
For this ye know, that no whoremonger, nor unclean person, nor covetous
man, who is an idolater, hath any inheritance in the kingdom of Christ and
of God.
6 Let no man deceive you with vain words: for because of these things
cometh the wrath of God upon the children of disobedience.) We see how God
hates idolatry of which having statues whether one bows down to them or
not is idolatry. God said those who commit idolatry will not enter heaven.
Please get rid of all statues, images, or pictures associated with the
"Church" and destroy them so no one else can use them and get into
idolatry. This includes the pope and how people treat him as if he were
God and Mary. (Acts 19:19 Many of them also which used curious arts
brought their books together, and burned them before all men: and they
counted the price of them, and found it fifty thousand pieces of silver.)
This verse shows how the people burned their idolatrous objects so they
could not be reused. Get out of the Roman Catholic Church and flee as fast
as you can from all of its idolatry and falsehoods. The "Church" will try
with "vain" words to justify the "Church's" sin of idolatry. Obey God and
not man. Repent of your sins and call upon Jesus to save you. Confess to
Jesus that you are sorry for having committed idolatry even if done in
ignorance and for having been a part of the false "Church". If you truly
ask God to save you, he will and you will become a part of the true
church.

Roman Catholic bibles have them in it, but Douay-Rheims says adore
instead of bow to images, so one still should not venerate them as this is
great adoration. The scripture of the "Church" condemns itself no matter
how they try to justify it.

[The first commandment condemns polytheism. It requires man neither to
believe in, nor to venerate, other divinities than the one true God.
Scripture constantly recalls this rejection of "idols, [of] silver and
gold, the work of men's hands. They have mouths, but do not speak; eyes,
but do not see." These empty idols make their worshippers empty: "Those
who make them are like them; so are all who trust in them." God, however,
is the "living God" who gives life and intervenes in history.] (Pages
512-513, 2112)

[Idolatry not only refers to false pagan worship. It remains a constant
temptation to faith. Idolatry consists in divinizing what is not God. Man
commits idolatry whenever he honors and reveres a creature in place of
God, whether this be gods or demons (for example, satanism), power,
pleasure, race, ancestors, the state, money, etc. Jesus says, "You cannot
serve God and mammon." Many martyrs died for not adoring "the Beast"
refusing even to simulate such worship. Idolatry rejects the unique
Lordship of God; it is therefore incompatible with communion with God.]
(Page 513, 2113)

[The veneration of sacred images is based on the mystery of the
Incarnation of the Word of God. It is not contrary to the first
commandment.] (Page 518, 2141)

In CCC 2112 and CCC 2113, the "Church" says idolatry is venerating a
divinity other than the one true God and divinizing what is not God. This
is exactly what Roman Catholics do when they venerate (worship) the
"Church", Mary and the pope and the state of Vatican City. One is told in
CCC 2113 not to honor or revere a creature in place of God. People are
creatures. Jesus said in (Mark 16:15 And he said unto them, Go ye into all
the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.) We preach the gospel
to people, not animals, so we know people are also creatures as people are
created beings. (II Corinthians 5:17 Therefore if any man be in Christ, he
is a new creature: old things are passed away; behold, all things are
become new.) Both Mary and the pope are highly revered and Mary has
statues of her. Both are considered gods and or God according to the
Catechism of the Catholic Church. The Vatican and the pope have great
wealth, yet money is mentioned as an idol. Jesus, the true head of the
church was poor. The "Church" condemns itself by its own words and its
statues and worship (venerating of Mary and the pope) as an idolatrous
"Church." God hates idolatry and will send all idolaters to hell unless
they repent and call upon Jesus to forgive them of their sins and save
them. (Revelation 21:8 But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the
abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters,
and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire
and brimstone: which is the second death.) Precious Roman Catholic souls,
call upon Jesus now to save you.

CCC 2141 says venerating sacred images is not against the first
commandment. This contradicts venerating in CCC 2112 and CCC 2113 and also
God's word. The "Church" removes the second commandment of graven images
and leaves the wording of graven images in their scripture and says it is
a part of the first commandment, but does not put graven images in
describing the first commandment, so they skip over it to justify their
idolatry. The "Church" tries to say God ordained graven images in the Old
Testament such as the brasen (bronze) serpent, the ark of the covenant,
and the cherubims. See CCC 2130. This is just the "Church" trying to
justify their position on idolatry something all cults do. The people did
not worship these items and when the people did start to worship the
brasen serpent, king Hezekiah had it destroyed. (II Kings 18:4 ¶ He
removed the high places, and brake the images, and cut down the groves,
and brake in pieces the brasen serpent that Moses had made: for unto those
days the children of Israel did burn incense to it: and he called it
Nehushtan.)

[The Christian veneration of images is not contrary to the first
commandment which proscribes idols. Indeed, "the honor rendered to an
image passes to its prototype," and "whoever venerates an image venerates
the person portrayed in it."The honor paid to sacred images is a
"respectful veneration," not the adoration due to God alone:

Religious worship is not directed to images in themselves, considered as
mere things, but under their distinctive aspect as images leading us on to
God incarnate. The movement toward the image does not terminate in it as
image, but tends toward that whose image it is.] (Page 517, 2132)

CCC 2132 shows how the "Church" again tries to justify idolatry by
saying it is okay for Christians to venerate a graven image, but not
heathens. It also says worship is not directed to the images (then why
have them?), but when one venerates an image it passes to the person doing
the venerating. These are all against what God's word says. This is just
another way for the "Church" to lead its people astray and try and
circumvent God's word and justify their sin of idolatry.

Roman Catholics wear crucifixes and they are hung in churches and
other places. Crucifixes are crosses with Jesus still on them. Roman
Catholics bow before them and adore them. God hates this. Take Jesus off
of the cross. If he was still on the cross, rather than risen from the
dead and seated at the right hand of God, then we would still be dead in
our sins and he could not be our Saviour. God does not want you to even
worship an image of Jesus, worship the living Jesus, not a crucifix. (John
19:31 The Jews therefore, because it was the preparation, that the bodies
should not remain upon the cross on the sabbath day, (for that sabbath day
was an high day,) besought Pilate that their legs might be broken, and
that they might be taken away.) (John 19:38 ¶ And after this Joseph of
Arimathaea, being a disciple of Jesus, but secretly for fear of the Jews,
besought Pilate that he might take away the body of Jesus: and Pilate gave
him leave. He came therefore, and took the body of Jesus.) These verses
show Jesus was removed from the cross to be buried so he could rise again
from the dead. (I Corinthians 15:20 But now is Christ risen from the dead,
and become the firstfruits of them that slept.) Jesus Christ could not be
risen from the dead if he was still on the cross. Do not shame Jesus by
leaving him on the cross. Give glory to God, not Satan. Satan wants him
still on the cross and dead. The "Church" usually only shows Jesus as a
baby, or on the cross and usually emaciated. The "Church" never shows
Jesus in good light.

Roman Catholicism tries to hide their idolatry by removing the second
commandment which says not to have any or make any graven images. It is
included in a description of the first commandment which they include it
in, but not when the ten commandments are put in a list to display.
(Exodus 20:4-5 4 Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any
likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth
beneath, or that is in the water under the earth:
5 Thou shalt not bow down thyself to them, nor serve them: for I the LORD
thy God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the
children unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate me;)
(Deuteronomy 5:8-9 8 Thou shalt not make thee any graven image, or any
likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth
beneath, or that is in the waters beneath the earth:
9 Thou shalt not bow down thyself unto them, nor serve them: for I the
LORD thy God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon
the children unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate me,)
Their statues including of Mary are graven images and idols. The pope even
bows down and kisses them. They have those words in their scripture
(bibles), but since the parishioners are told not to read it and that they
cannot interpret what they do read, most lay Roman Catholics do not even
know it is in there. In the Catechism or anything showing the ten
commandments they pretend as if the second commandment is part of the
first and they never mention the part about graven images and then they
move the other nine commandments down a number and then divide the tenth
commandment into two (the ninth and tenth) so they still have ten
commandments. This is a trick of Satan and the mark of a cult to deceive
its people and condemn them to an eternity in hell and the lake of fire.
Many may say that scripture never actually gives a number to each
commandment, so how the "Church" decides to separate them is their
interpretation. It is just very convenient how they divide them so that
there is no mention of graven images in their ten commandments so it will
not condemn their idol worship of statues, relics, and other images. It is
also convenient to split a verse into two parts to make up two
commandments, when this is not done for any of the others, just to make up
for the missing second commandment. This is what cults do to push their
false doctrines. Here is the true tenth commandment which should not be
divided. (Exodus 20:17 Thou shalt not covet thy neighbour's house, thou
shalt not covet thy neighbour's wife, nor his manservant, nor his
maidservant, nor his ox, nor his ass, nor any thing that is thy
neighbour's.) (Deuteronomy 5:21 Neither shalt thou desire thy neighbour's
wife, neither shalt thou covet thy neighbour's house, his field, or his
manservant, or his maidservant, his ox, or his ass, or any thing that is
thy neighbour's.)

[.... A Traditional Catechetical Formula

1. I am the LORD your God: you shall not have strange Gods before me.

2. You shall not take the name of the LORD your God in vain.

3. Remember to keep holy the LORD'S Day.

4. Honor your father and your mother.

5. You shall not kill.

6. You shall not commit adultery.

7. You shall not steal.

8. You shall not bear false witness against your neighbor.

9. You shall not covet your neighbor's wife.

10. You shall not covet your neighbor's goods.] (CCC Pages 496-497) 

Notice that there is no mention of graven images in their list of the
ten commandments and the tenth commandment is split between the ninth and
tenth commandments with all of them moved up a number. Precious Roman
Catholic souls, please see how in the Catechism and in the Roman Catholic
bibles it mentions no graven images, though the "Church " places them
under the first commandment, though they then hide them in their list. If
they are not okay for non-Christians, then why not have no graven images
in the list so you can show someone who is not a Christian? God does not
approve of them for "Christians" or anyone else, so please repent of this
sin and obey God. Christians and non-Christians, saved and unsaved are to
obey God's law. Scripture says if you break one part of the law, you have
broken it all and are guilty. Roman Catholics constantly break the second
commandment, therefore God says they are guilty of all. It only takes one
sin to keep someone out of heaven unless they ask Jesus to save them.
(James 2:10 For whosoever shall keep the whole law, and yet offend in one
point, he is guilty of all.) (I John 2:4 He that saith, I know him, and
keepeth not his commandments, is a liar, and the truth is not in him.)
Those that say they know Jesus ought to keep all of his commandments, not
just the ones the "Church" likes. Jesus said in John 14 if you keep his
commandments you love him. Precious Roman Catholic, do you love Jesus or
the "Church"? (John 14:15 ¶ If ye love me, keep my commandments.) God says
those who do not are liars and the truth is not in them. All liars unless
they repent end up in hell. Obey Jesus and get rid of the "Church's"
idols.

[By keeping the memorials of the saints - first of all the holy Mother of
God, then the apostles, the martyrs, and other saints - on fixed days of
the liturgical year, the Church on earth shows that she is united with the
liturgy of heaven. She gives glory to Christ for having accomplished his
salvation in his glorified members; their example encourages her on her
way to the Father.] (Page 308, 1195)

Nowhere in scripture does it say the church is to have a liturgical
calendar or to have days set aside for men ("saints") or that heaven has
days set aside for them. Besides days for "saints" some of the false days
of the Roman Catholic Church are Ash Wednesday, Lent and Mardi Gras. These
days are all manmade, not God ordained. None of these days are scriptural
or will get you rewards in heaven for celebrating them. The true church
celebrates the birth (Christmas) {without secular Santa Claus who is Satan
and other things} and resurrection of Jesus (Easter) {without secular
bunny, eggs, and other things}, not man. True Christianity is about Jesus,
not man. Even Christmas and Easter are most likely of pagan origin, though
it is nice to have a day to remember the two events in the life of Jesus
as a man. Christmas comes from "Christ's Mass", so even these days have
been influenced by the Roman Catholic Church. (Galatians 4:10 Ye observe
days, and months, and times, and years.) Roman Catholics have days for
everyone and everything it seems like. They spend all their time on false
days when they should be spending their time honoring God.

(I John 2:3-4 3 And hereby we do know that we know him, if we keep
his commandments.
4 He that saith, I know him, and keepeth not his commandments, is a liar,
and the truth is not in him.) Obey all of the ten commandments, not just
nine of them as the "Church" would have you do.

36. Celibacy of priests and nuns and others:

[All the ordained ministers of the Latin Church, with the exception of
permanent deacons, are normally chosen from among men of faith who live a
celibate life and who intend to remain celibate "for the sake of the
kingdom of heaven." Called to consecrate themselves with undivided heart
to the Lord and to "the affairs of the Lord," they give themselves
entirely to God and to men. Celibacy is a sign of this new life to the
service of which the Church's minister is consecrated; accepted with a
joyous heart celibacy radiantly proclaims the Reign of God.] (Page 395,
1579)

Celibacy is another manmade doctrine of the Roman Catholic Church
that has put a great bondage on the priests and nuns. This is partly why
so many priests have become homosexuals and molested young boys and why
some priests and nuns have secretly had sexual relations and then disposed
of the babies once the nun got pregnant. By denying marriage for priests
and nuns, the "Church" is denying them the desire put in the priest and
all men by God to seek a woman for a wife and for the nuns the desire of
women to seek a man for a husband. Priests and nuns are punished everyday
of their lives by trying to fight the natural urge for a spouse of the
opposite sex. That is cruel on the "Church's" part. God intended marriage
for all, with a few special men such as Jeremiah and Paul who were not
allowed to marry. God never said that those who serve him must remain
celibate. In fact the requirements that God gave in scripture for bishops
and deacons says they are to be the husband of one wife. God did not tell
them to remain single and avoid the opposite sex. (I Timothy 3:2 A bishop
then must be blameless, the husband of one wife, vigilant, sober, of good
behaviour, given to hospitality, apt to teach;) (I Timothy 3:12 Let the
deacons be the husbands of one wife, ruling their children and their own
houses well.) (Hebrews 13:4 Marriage is honourable in all, and the bed
undefiled: but whoremongers and adulterers God will judge.) God does not
wish for men to be alone. (Genesis 2:18 ¶ And the LORD God said, It is not
good that the man should be alone; I will make him an help meet for him.)

The first "pope" recognized by the "Church" was Peter. Scripture
tells us that he was married. He is called by his original name of Simon
and was referred sometimes as Simon Peter. (Mark 1:30 But Simon's wife's
mother lay sick of a fever, and anon they tell him of her.) (Luke 4:38 ¶
And he arose out of the synagogue, and entered into Simon's house. And
Simon's wife's mother was taken with a great fever; and they besought him
for her.) We also know from history in the early days of the "Church" that
there were popes who were married and had children so why prevent priests
from marrying today. This is also another reason the "Church" is having a
hard time finding men to become priests.

I Timothy 4 speaks of how in the latter times (of which we are
living) some will forbid marriage. This is exactly what the Roman Catholic
Church is doing. (I Timothy 4:1-3 1 Now the Spirit speaketh expressly,
that in the latter times some shall depart from the faith, giving heed to
seducing spirits, and doctrines of devils;
2 Speaking lies in hypocrisy; having their conscience seared with a hot
iron;
3 Forbidding to marry, and commanding to abstain from meats, which God
hath created to be received with thanksgiving of them which believe and
know the truth.)

(I Corinthians 9:5 Have we not power to lead about a sister, a wife,
as well as other apostles, and as the brethren of the Lord, and Cephas?)
Paul shows in this verse that as an apostle he had the power just as
Cephas (Peter, the "first" pope) to have had a wife if he chose. The Roman
Catholic Church is supposedly the continuation of the apostles through the
apostolic line. If this is the case, then why do the Magisterium (the pope
and other "Church" leaders) ignore Peter, the "first pope" and Paul, both
apostles?

The whole concept of the priesthood is unscriptural. The priesthood
was meant for the Israelites as they were set apart for God, but the
people rebelled and thus only the tribe of Levi was chosen by God. The
priesthood was never mentioned in the New Testament for Gentiles or the
church and was never intended for Gentiles or the church. Jesus Christ is
our High Priest. (Hebrews 3:1 Wherefore, holy brethren, partakers of the
heavenly calling, consider the Apostle and High Priest of our profession,
Christ Jesus;) The Roman Catholic priesthood is about two thousand years
out of date and even then only if the "Church" was Israel which it is not,
never has been, nor ever will be. Scripture never talks about a pope or
cardinals and a hierarchy. Jesus is the head of the true church, not the
pope. (Colossians 1:18 And he is the head of the body, the church: who is
the beginning, the firstborn from the dead; that in all things he might
have the preeminence.) The "he" refers to Jesus. The fancy clothing worn
by the priests all the way to the pope are not scriptural either. The
Israelite priests were to wear special clothing, but Christian ministers
were never told to wear special clothing setting them apart from the lay
people. Jesus was simple, not all pomp as the "Church" leaders are.

God never intended for men to become monks and live in monasteries
with other men and lock themselves away from the world. It is honorable to
want to study God's word and serve him, but it does no good if we do not
share God's word and teachings with the world. God said we are to live in
the world, but not be of the world. This means we do not act like the
world, but we do not avoid the world. We cannot share the gospel if we
hide from the world.

37. Reconciliation to the Roman Catholic Church:

[Forgiveness of sins brings reconciliation with God, but also with the
Church. Since ancient times the bishop, visible head of a particular
Church, has thus rightfully been considered to be the one who principally
has the power and ministry of reconciliation: he is the moderator of the
penitential discipline. Priests, his collaborators, exercise it to the
extent that they have received the commission either from their bishop (or
religious superior) or the Pope, according to the law of the Church.]
(Page 367, 1462)

Reconciliation with God is necessary because of the sin of Adam in
the garden of Eden, which passed a sin nature (original sin as the
"Church" calls it) and death upon all of mankind including Mary. (Romans
5:12 Wherefore, as by one man sin entered into the world, and death by
sin; and so death passed upon all men, for that all have sinned:) One must
be saved (born again) by the shed blood of Jesus in order to be reconciled
by calling upon Jesus to save them. One does not need the "Church" to do
so or need to be reconciled with the "Church" or any church, only God by
Jesus and the Holy Ghost who convicts you of your need for reconciliation.

God expects and wishes that all unsaved people would be reconciled
with him. The whole point of scripture is to point unsaved people to Jesus
and show them they need to be reconciled with God by receiving Jesus by
grace through faith, not of works and be saved. God never said in
scripture that unsaved or any people need to be reconciled with the Roman
Catholic Church or any other church. They are to be reconciled only with
God and only by the shed blood of his only begotten Son, Jesus. (II Peter
3:9 The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count
slackness; but is longsuffering to us-ward, not willing that any should
perish, but that all should come to repentance.) This verse clearly shows
that God wishes for all people to be saved, including precious Roman
Catholic souls. (Romans 5:10 For if, when we were enemies, we were
reconciled to God by the death of his Son, much more, being reconciled, we
shall be saved by his life.) (II Corinthians 5:18 And all things are of
God, who hath reconciled us to himself by Jesus Christ, and hath given to
us the ministry of reconciliation;) We see in Hebrews that God made
reconciliation with people again by the shed blood of Jesus. (Hebrews 2:17
Wherefore in all things it behoved him to be made like unto his brethren,
that he might be a merciful and faithful high priest in things pertaining
to God, to make reconciliation for the sins of the people.) These verses
all show how the unsaved are to make reconciliation to God through Jesus,
not the "Church". The "Church" cannot save you. Precious Roman Catholic
soul, please call upon Jesus now and ask him to save you before it is too
late. Once you die, it is too late.

38. Roman Catholics are Christ:

[Christ and his Church thus together make up the "whole Christ" (Christus
totus). The Church is one with Christ. The saints are acutely aware of
this unity:

Let us rejoice then and give thanks that we have become not only
Christians, but Christ himself. Do you understand and grasp, brethren,
God's grace toward us? Marvel and rejoice: we have become Christ. For if
he is the head, we are the members; he and we together are the whole man....
The fullness of Christ then is the head and the members. But what does
"head and members" mean? Christ and the Church.

Our redeemer has shown himself to be one person with the holy Church whom
he has taken to himself.

Head and members form as it were one and the same mystical person.

A reply of St. Joan of Arc to her judges sums up the faith of the holy
doctors and the good sense of the believer: "About Jesus Christ and the
Church, I simply know they're just one thing, and we shouldn't complicate
the matter.] (Page 210, 795)

[The Word became flesh to make us "partakers of the divine nature": "For
this is why the Word became man, and the Son of God became the Son of Man:
so that man, by entering into communion with the Word and thus receiving,
divine sonship, might become a son of God." "For the Son of God became man
so that we might become God." "The only-begotten Son of God, wanting to
make us sharers in his divinity, assumed our nature, so that he, made man,
might make men gods."] (Page 116, 460)

Roman Catholicism as all cults says man can become God. This has been
man's desire since the garden of Eden and this is why Eve first took of
the fruit. Most lay Roman Catholics do not know the "Church" teaches and
believes this doctrine of becoming gods. But their ignorance does not
change the fact that this is what the leaders of the "Church" believe and
this is why it is in their final authority, the Catechism. This doctrine
is pure blasphemy and heresy. God shares his glory with no one and there
is only one God. At least the Mormons and other cults admit they believe
this about becoming gods. (Isaiah 42:8 I am the LORD: that is my name: and
my glory will I not give to another, neither my praise to graven images.)
This verse clearly shows that God shares his glory with no one. (Isaiah
45:5 ¶ I am the LORD, and there is none else, there is no God beside me: I
girded thee, though thou hast not known me:) (Isaiah 46:9 Remember the
former things of old: for I am God, and there is none else; I am God, and
there is none like me,) These verses clearly show that there is only one
God, so how does the "Church" have the arrogance to say Roman Catholics
become God. (Matthew 24:5 For many shall come in my name, saying, I am
Christ; and shall deceive many.) (Matthew 24:23 Then if any man shall say
unto you, Lo, here is Christ, or there; believe it not.) (Luke 21:8 And he
said, Take heed that ye be not deceived: for many shall come in my name,
saying, I am Christ; and the time draweth near: go ye not therefore after
them.) Jesus warned in those two verses in Matthew as well as in Luke that
many would come in his name claiming to be Christ and would deceive many.
This is what Roman Catholicism has done with its parishioners and most of
the world. Scripture shows there is only one Christ, Jesus himself. (I
Corinthians 8:6 But to us there is but one God, the Father, of whom are
all things, and we in him; and one Lord Jesus Christ, by whom are all
things, and we by him.)

Roman Catholicism teaches many false doctrines. This one as all of
them comes from Satan himself and is dangerous. The "Church" is teaching
people they can become God. This is heresy. This is what Lucifer did when
he rebelled against God. He wanted to be God. This is when he became
Satan. If Roman Catholicism is true Christianity, then why does it teach
and act like the Church of Satan? (Isaiah 14:12-15 12 How art thou fallen
from heaven, O Lucifer, son of the morning! how art thou cut down to the
ground, which didst weaken the nations!
13 For thou hast said in thine heart, I will ascend into heaven, I will
exalt my throne above the stars of God: I will sit also upon the mount of
the congregation, in the sides of the north:
14 I will ascend above the heights of the clouds; I will be like the most
High.
15 Yet thou shalt be brought down to hell, to the sides of the pit.) Man
has wanted to be God since the garden of Eden. With Roman Catholicism you
can be. Precious Roman Catholic soul, do you want to believe God or
believe the lie of Satan and your "Church" leaders? Repent of your sins
and get out of the "Church" now that you know the truth. You are
responsible for what you do with the truth now. Call upon Jesus today to
save you so that you may become a part of the true church and truly go to
heaven.

39. Last Rites:

Last Rites is usually given to a Roman Catholic shortly before his
death or when they are seriously sick and could die. If one survives, it
can be administered when they are dying again. It consists of confession,
anointing of the sick, and a final Holy Communion. Last Rites and the
sacrament of the Anointing of the Sick are not the same. Anointing of the
Sick can be given to someone who is preparing for an operation or in bad
health, but not necessarily dying. Anointing of the Sick (previously known
as Extreme Unction especially when done on the dying) is a part of Last
Rites.

[From ancient times in the liturgical traditions of both East and West, we
have testimonies to the practice of anointings of the sick with blessed
oil. Over the centuries the Anointing of the Sick was conferred more and
more exclusively on those at the point of death. Because of this it
received the name "Extreme Unction." Notwithstanding this evolution the
liturgy has never failed to beg the Lord that the sick person may recover
his health if it would be conducive to his salvation.] (Page 378, 1512)

[Only priests (bishops and presbyters) are ministers of the Anointing of
the Sick. It is the duty of pastors to instruct the faithful on the
benefits of this sacrament. The faithful should encourage the sick to call
for a priest to receive this sacrament. The sick should prepare themselves
to receive it with good dispositions, assisted by their pastor and the
whole ecclesial community, which is invited to surround the sick in a
special way through their prayers and fraternal attention.] (Page 379,
1516)

[Like all the sacraments the Anointing of the Sick is a liturgical and
communal celebration, whether it takes place in the family home, a
hospital or church, for a single sick person or a whole group of sick
persons. It is very fitting to celebrate it within the Eucharist, the
memorial of the Lord's Passover. If circumstances suggest it, the
celebration of the sacrament can be preceded by the sacrament of Penance
and followed by the sacrament of the Eucharist. As the sacrament of
Christ's Passover the Eucharist should always be the last sacrament of the
earthly journey, the "viaticum" for "passing over" to eternal life.] (Page
379, 1517)

[A preparation for the final journey. If the sacrament of anointing of the
sick is given to all who suffer from serious illness and infirmity, even
more rightly is it given to those at the point of departing this life; so
it is also called sacramentum exeuntium (the sacrament of those
departing). The Anointing of the Sick completes our conformity to the
death and Resurrection of Christ, just as Baptism began it. It completes
the holy anointings that mark the whole Christian life: that of Baptism
which sealed the new life in us, and that of Confirmation which
strengthened us for the combat of this life. This last anointing fortifies
the end of our earthly life like a solid rampart for the final struggles
before entering the Father's house.] (Page 381, 1523)

The "Church" keeps a Roman Catholic in bondage up to death. If Last
Rites is so important then why is only a priest (bishops and presbyters)
allowed to perform this sacrament? Could not God have made some emergency
rule to allow a lay member to perform it? This is another unscriptural
doctrine. This is just one final work that a Roman Catholic is to do
before they die. (Philippians 3:8-9 8 Yea doubtless, and I count all
things but loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Christ Jesus my
Lord: for whom I have suffered the loss of all things, and do count them
but dung, that I may win Christ,
9 And be found in him, not having mine own righteousness, which is of the
law, but that which is through the faith of Christ, the righteousness
which is of God by faith:) No one in scripture ever gave or received last
rites even Peter "the first pope" or Paul when they were soon to die. (II
Timothy 4:6-7 6 For I am now ready to be offered, and the time of my
departure is at hand.
7 I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the
faith:)

40. Blasphemous titles of pope and priests:

The pope is referred to as "Holy Father". This is pure blasphemy as
only God the Father is Holy Father. There is nothing holy about the pope.
Holy means set apart for God without defilement. The pope may think he is
being set apart for God, but he is defiled by idol worship and other
unscriptural acts. Jesus said in (John 17:11 And now I am no more in the
world, but these are in the world, and I come to thee. Holy Father, keep
through thine own name those whom thou hast given me, that they may be
one, as we are.) Priests are referred to as "Father" and the word pope
means "father", from the Latin papa.  We only have one heavenly Father and
Jesus said in (Matthew 23:9 And call no man your father upon the earth:
for one is your Father, which is in heaven.) The pope as "Vicar of Christ"
was discussed earlier. The pope is not the substitute of Jesus. He is the
substitute of Satan. The pope is referred to as "His Holiness". Holiness
is from God, not the pope. (Psalm 47:8 God reigneth over the heathen: God
sitteth upon the throne of his holiness.) In the 1500's the pope had the
title of "Our Lord God the Pope". The pope never refused to be called
this. This is pure blasphemy and heresy saying you are God. The pope is
just a man, though Roman Catholics treat him as God. I have heard Roman
Catholics who have seen the pope say it was as though they were "looking
at God himself." Though not blasphemous, the pope is called the "Successor
of the Prince of the Apostles" as they believe the pope is the direct
successor all the way back to the "first pope", the apostle Peter. Peter
was not the first pope and there is no proof historically or in the Holy
Bible that Peter even ever went to Rome. Peter also could not have been
the first pope as the Roman Catholic Church did not get started until much
later and the title of pope came much later after the death of Peter. This
title for the pope is just another way Roman Catholicism spreads lies. The
pope is a mere man and must be treated as one. He should be prayed for
that he will be truly saved and repent of his connection to the "Church."
Another title is "Summus Pontifex" which means "highest pontiff or highest
bishop or highest priest". This is another way to steal glory from Jesus.
Jesus is our High Priest and of the church, not the pope. (Hebrews 3:1
Wherefore, holy brethren, partakers of the heavenly calling, consider the
Apostle and High Priest of our profession, Christ Jesus;) The pope has
other titles as well.

41. Outlaws death penalty:

Pope Francis outlawed capital punishment (death penalty) and added an
update to be inserted in the Catechism to note the change in 2018. This
goes against God's word. God is the one who instituted the death penalty
and only God can remove that command, not the pope. After the Genesis
flood, God commanded Noah that a person was to be killed if he killed
another person since man was made in the image of God. (Genesis 1:27 So
God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him; male
and female created he them.) (Genesis 9:6 Whoso sheddeth man's blood, by
man shall his blood be shed: for in the image of God made he man.) This
was why God ordained government to be formed in the first place after the
flood along with nations for that government to have authority to execute
the killer. God knew the hearts of man and that they are wicked and did
not want people to get out of control as they did prior to the flood.
(Jeremiah 17:9 ¶ The heart is deceitful above all things, and desperately
wicked: who can know it?) When nations and the pope outlaw capital
punishment, they are disobeying God's word and the reason God ordained
nations. This also means the pope knows more than God and does not have to
obey God's word. Many times God commanded his people, Israel to kill
people as well as even fellow Israelites if they committed certain sins.
Genesis 10 is known as the table of nations as it lists the original 70
nations from the sons of Noah, with the nations of Africa and the Orient
and the American Indians coming from Ham, European nations from Japheth,
and Israel and the Arab nations from Shem. The Roman Catholic Church says
it does not change, yet here is a change in policy. The "Church" has a
long history of killing (executing) true Christians or enemies of the
"Church" by burning them at the stake or killing them in another way. I
guess the "Church's" memory is short! Here is the update to CCC 2267:

New revision of number 2267 of the Catechism of the Catholic Church on the
death penalty - Rescriptum "ex Audentia SS.mi", 02.08.2018

The Supreme Pontiff Francis, in the audience granted on 11 May 2018 to the
undersigned Prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, has
approved the following new draft of no. 2267 of the Catechism of the
Catholic Church, arranging for it to be translated into various languages
and inserted in all the editions of the aforementioned Catechism.

The death penalty

[Recourse to the death penalty on the part of legitimate authority,
following a fair trial, was long considered an appropriate response to the
gravity of certain crimes and an acceptable, albeit extreme, means of
safeguarding the common good.

Today, however, there is an increasing awareness that the dignity of the
person is not lost even after the commission of very serious crimes. In
addition, a new understanding has emerged of the significance of penal
sanctions imposed by the state. Lastly, more effective systems of
detention have been developed, which ensure the due protection of citizens
but, at the same time, do not definitively deprive the guilty of the
possibility of redemption.

Consequently, the Church teaches, in the light of the Gospel, that "the
death penalty is inadmissible because it is an attack on the inviolability
and dignity of the person",^[1] and she works with determination for its
abolition worldwide.] (Page 546, 2267)

__________________________

^[1] FRANCIS, Address to Participants in the Meeting organized by the
Pontifical Council for the Promotion of the New Evangelization, 11 October
2017: L'Osservatore Romano, 13 October 2017, 5.

The "Church" pushes for the abolition of the death penalty worldwide
again passing along their sins to the entire world.

42. The "Church" says it never changes:

The "Church" has added many doctrines over the years, yet it claims
to never change. It is shown above how they changed their position on the
death penalty to now go against God's word. The "Church" even today is
discussing making Mary a co-redeemer with Jesus as official doctrine.
Again this is against God's word. The "Church" has also made many changes
to its bibles (scripture) over the years including removing verses and the
fact that it even has multiple bibles. Below are some of the doctrines the
"Church" has added and the years they were added (note that some of these
things were believed and or followed for many years prior to being made
"official" doctrine) The dates are as accurate as is known as far as I am
aware:

1. Prayers for the dead- A.D. 300
2. Making the sign of the cross- A.D. 300
3. Veneration of angels & dead saints- A.D. 375
4. Use of images in worship- A.D. 375
5. The Mass as a daily celebration- A.D. 394
6. Beginning of the exaltation of Mary; the term, "Mother of God" applied
at Council of Ephesus- A.D. 431 checked

7. Priests begin to dress differently from the lay Roman Catholic- A.D.
500
8. Extreme Unction (Last Rites)- A.D. 526
9. Doctrine of Purgatory-Gregory I- A.D. 593
10. Prayers to Mary & dead saints- A.D. 600

11. Latin is the only language allowed in the "Church" (partially removed
in 1969)- A.D. 600

12. Kissing of the pope's feet- A.D. 709
13. Worship of cross, images & relics- A.D. 786 or 788

14. Holy Water mixed with a pinch of salt blessed by the priest
authorized- A.D. 850
15. Canonization of dead saints- A.D. 995
16. Celibacy of priesthood- A.D. 1139 (encouraged much earlier)
17. The Rosary- A.D. 1090
18. Indulgences- A.D. 1190
19. Transubstantiation-Innocent III- A.D. 1215
20. Auricular Confession of sins to a priest- A.D. 1215
21. Adoration of the wafer (Host)- A.D. 1220
22. Cup forbidden to the people at communion- A.D. 1414
23. Purgatory proclaimed as a dogma- A.D. 1439
24. The doctrine of the Seven Sacraments confirmed- A.D. 1439
25. Tradition declared of equal authority with scripture (Holy Bible) by
Council of Trent- A.D. 1545
26. Deuterocanonical (apocryphal) books added to Bible- A.D. 1546
27. Immaculate Conception of Mary- A.D. 1854
28. Infallibility of the pope in matters of faith and morals, proclaimed
by the Vatican Council I- A.D. 1870
29. Assumption of the Virgin Mary (bodily ascension into heaven shortly
after her death)- A.D. 1950
30. Mary proclaimed Mother of the Roman Catholic Church- A.D. 1965

31. Death penalty abolished- A.D. 2018

Most of these are from
https://www.romancatholicism.com/dates-of-catholic-doctrines.

43. Grace can be merited:

The "Church" correctly states that no one can merit initial grace of
forgiveness and justification, but they do not believe that one is saved
by grace alone and adds works for salvation. The "Church" is referring to
when one is baptized and "saved" usually as a newborn and therefore cannot
do any works to earn that grace. The "Church" then says one can merit
grace for sanctification, but scripture teaches that grace only comes from
God and sanctification (growing as a Christian) only comes after one is
saved (justified) by the grace of God. One cannot merit or earn grace. No
one deserves any of God's grace.

[Since the initiative belongs to God in the order of grace, no one can
merit the initial grace of forgiveness and justification, at the beginning
of conversion. Moved by the Holy Spirit and by charity, we can then merit
for ourselves and for others the graces needed for our sanctification, for
the increase of grace and charity, and for the attainment of eternal life.
Even temporal goods like health and friendship can be merited in
accordance with God's wisdom. These graces and goods are the object of
Christian prayer. Prayer attends to the grace we need for meritorious
actions.] (Page 487, 2010)

CCC 2010 shows that the "Church" believes that grace is needed for
sanctification to attain eternal life. Scripture says we are saved by
grace and that one receives eternal life at the time of justification
whether one ever grows as a Christian or not. If a Christian is truly
saved, but never grows (sanctification), they will still go to heaven and
have eternal life and one does not do works for sanctification to earn
salvation and eternal life as the Roman Catholic Church teaches.

[No one can merit the initial grace which is at the origin of conversion.
Moved by the Holy Spirit, we can merit for ourselves and for others all
the graces needed to attain eternal life, as well as necessary temporal
goods.} (Page 490. 2027)

CCC 2027 again shows how a Roman Catholic must work for grace for
sanctification to attain eternal life after being "saved by baptism." It
also says one can earn grace for another person. This doctrine is found
nowhere in scripture.

Scripture shows otherwise that one can merit grace and how we are
saved by grace and no works or more grace must be added for eternal life.
(Ephesians 2:8-9 8 For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not
of yourselves: it is the gift of God:
9 Not of works, lest any man should boast.) (Romans 3:20-24 20 Therefore
by the deeds of the law there shall no flesh be justified in his sight:
for by the law is the knowledge of sin.
21 But now the righteousness of God without the law is manifested, being
witnessed by the law and the prophets;
22 Even the righteousness of God which is by faith of Jesus Christ unto
all and upon all them that believe: for there is no difference:
23 For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;
24 Being justified freely by his grace through the redemption that is in
Christ Jesus:) (James 4:6 But he giveth more grace. Wherefore he saith,
God resisteth the proud, but giveth grace unto the humble.) (I Peter 5:5
Likewise, ye younger, submit yourselves unto the elder. Yea, all of you be
subject one to another, and be clothed with humility: for God resisteth
the proud, and giveth grace to the humble.) James 4:6 and I Peter 5:5
shows how God gives grace, no one merits it and how God resisteth the
proud, but gives grace to the poor. The "Church" instills pride in Roman
Catholics in thinking they can earn (merit) grace when God gives grace to
a person, not them earning it on their own by "good works". All are
sinners and none of us deserve (merit) any grace from God.

[We also call these spiritual goods of the communion of saints the
Church's treasury, which is "not the sum total of the material goods which
have accumulated during the course of the centuries. On the contrary the
'treasury of the Church' is the infinite value, which can never be
exhausted, which Christ's merits have before God. They were offered so
that the whole of mankind could be set free from sin and attain communion
with the Father. In Christ, the Redeemer himself, the satisfactions and
merits of his Redemption exist and find their effficacy."] (Page 371,
1476)

["This treasury includes as well the prayers and good works of the Blessed
Virgin Mary. They are truly immense, unfathomable, and even pristine in
their value before God. In the treasury, too, are the prayers and good
works of all the saints, all those who have followed in the footsteps of
Christ the Lord and by his grace have made their lives holy and carried
out the mission the Father entrusted to them. In this way they attained
their own salvation and at the same time cooperated in saving their
brothers in the unity of the Mystical Body."] (Page 371, 1477)

CCC 1476 and CCC 1477 show how the prayers and "good works" of Mary
and the "saints" can "save" people as well as the merit of their "good
works" brings us grace. Grace only comes from God.  

44. Roman Catholic Church is infallible:

[The Church, the "pillar and bulwark of the truth," "has received this
solemn command of Christ from the apostles to announce the saving truth." 
"To the Church belongs the right always and everywhere to announce moral
principles, including those pertaining to the social order, and to make
judgments on any human affairs to the extent that they are required by the
fundamental rights of the human person or the salvation of souls."] (Page
491, 2032)

[The supreme degree of participation in the authority of Christ is ensured
by the charism of infallibility. This infallibility extends as far as does
the deposit of divine Revelation; it also extends to all those elements of
doctrine, including morals, without which the saving truths of the faith
cannot be preserved, explained, or observed.] (Page 492, 2035)

[The infallibility of the Magisterium of the Pastors extends to all the
elements of doctrine, including moral doctrine, without which the saving
truths of the faith cannot be preserved, expounded, or observed.] (Page
495, 2051)

These all show how the "Church" and its leaders are supposedly
"infallible" especially in moral matters. Scripture says only God is
infallible, not people. The pope and other "Church" leaders show they are
not infallible in moral matters by bowing down to idols (statues of Mary
and others) as well as some priests having molested children and many
other actions. Pope Francis says it is not his place to judge a homosexual
person. The pope is supposed to be the "Vicar" of Christ or his substitute
on earth and speaks for him as well as being infallible in moral matters.
God's word is clear that homosexuality is an abomination unto him, so the
pope needs to make no judgment, just say what God has already said.
(Leviticus 18:22 Thou shalt not lie with mankind, as with womankind: it is
abomination.) (Leviticus 20:13 If a man also lie with mankind, as he lieth
with a woman, both of them have committed an abomination: they shall
surely be put to death; their blood shall be upon them.) (Romans 1:24-28
24 Wherefore God also gave them up to uncleanness through the lusts of
their own hearts, to dishonour their own bodies between themselves:
25 Who changed the truth of God into a lie, and worshipped and served the
creature more than the Creator, who is blessed for ever. Amen.
26 For this cause God gave them up unto vile affections: for even their
women did change the natural use into that which is against nature:
27 And likewise also the men, leaving the natural use of the woman, burned
in their lust one toward another; men with men working that which is
unseemly, and receiving in themselves that recompence of their error which
was meet.
28 And even as they did not like to retain God in their knowledge, God
gave them over to a reprobate mind, to do those things which are not
convenient;) Notice that lie in these verses means to have sexual
intercourse.  (I Timothy 1:10 For whoremongers, for them that defile
themselves with mankind, for menstealers, for liars, for perjured persons,
and if there be any other thing that is contrary to sound doctrine;)
(Deuteronomy 23:17 ¶ There shall be no whore of the daughters of Israel,
nor a sodomite of the sons of Israel.) These verses clearly show the sin
of homosexuality. Deuteronomy 23:17 shows how God did not want any of the
sons of his holy nation to be sodomites (homosexuals, named after the
sinful homosexual sin committed by the people of Sodom, for which God
destroyed the city.) If it is not a sin, why would God not want the sons
to be sodomites (homosexuals) and why does God say homosexuality is a sin
and an abomination unto him and worthy of death? If the pope is infallible
in morals and speaks for Jesus here on earth, he should know this. The
pope is merely a fallen man. The sin of homosexuality often leads to other
moral decay and suicide. This was not God's plan for mankind. Jude
referred to the fallen angels who sinned by having sexual intercourse with
women in Genesis 6:2 and producing giants and compared them to the
sodomites in Sodom and Gomorrah. Jude said they both go after strange
flesh which is against what God intended. The LGBTQ Pride people say they
were born that way. God does not have people born that way, they choose
that lifestyle. They themselves said that up until maybe the 1980's or
early 1990's when they were not getting anyone on their side to push their
agenda of destroying children and this nation, so they changed their
tactics to say they were born that way. If someone reading this is a
homosexual, turn from your sin and call upon Jesus to save you before it
is eternally too late. God can and will save homosexuals who repent and
call upon Jesus to be their Saviour. Do it now.

The "Church" used to say all heavenly bodies (objects) revolved
around the earth. Copernicus and later Galileo proved the planets in the
solar system including the earth revolve around the sun and not the earth,
with the satellites (moons) revolving around the individual planets. Both
of these men were Roman Catholics and got into trouble with the "Church".
Galileo was placed under house arrest for teaching something contrary to
the beliefs of the "Church." The "Church" should never have authority to
do these things.

The Roman Catholic Church does not believe in the rapture (taking of
believers to heaven by Jesus prior to his Second Coming back to earth to
rule and reign) or the millennium (the literal one thousand year reign of
Jesus here on earth, following his Second Coming.) Scripture is clear that
both of these future events are true and will literally be fulfilled as
has all prophecy so far fulfilled. Some verses on the rapture are: (I
Thessalonians 4:15-17 15 For this we say unto you by the word of the Lord,
that we which are alive and remain unto the coming of the Lord shall not
prevent them which are asleep.
16 For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the
voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God: and the dead in Christ
shall rise first:
17 Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with
them in the clouds, to meet the Lord in the air: and so shall we ever be
with the Lord.) (I Corinthians 15:51-53 51 Behold, I shew you a mystery;
We shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed,
52 In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the
trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we
shall be changed.
53 For this corruptible must put on incorruption, and this mortal must put
on immortality.) The word rapture comes from the Latin word rapio which
means "caught up" or snatched away. This is what will happen to believers
according to I Thessalonians 4:17. Some verses showing the millennium are:
(Revelation 20:2-7 2 And he laid hold on the dragon, that old serpent,
which is the Devil, and Satan, and bound him a thousand years,
3 And cast him into the bottomless pit, and shut him up, and set a seal
upon him, that he should deceive the nations no more, till the thousand
years should be fulfilled: and after that he must be loosed a little
season.
4 And I saw thrones, and they sat upon them, and judgment was given unto
them: and I saw the souls of them that were beheaded for the witness of
Jesus, and for the word of God, and which had not worshipped the beast,
neither his image, neither had received his mark upon their foreheads, or
in their hands; and they lived and reigned with Christ a thousand years.
5 But the rest of the dead lived not again until the thousand years were
finished. This is the first resurrection.
6 Blessed and holy is he that hath part in the first resurrection: on such
the second death hath no power, but they shall be priests of God and of
Christ, and shall reign with him a thousand years.
7 And when the thousand years are expired, Satan shall be loosed out of
his prison,) Six times in these six verses it says a thousand years.
Scripture is always to be taken literally unless scripture tells us it is
symbolic and when it is it will give us the meaning. There is no reason to
take these verses not literally. Verses four and six also clearly show
Jesus will reign for a thousand years. This is in the future and here on
earth, not in heaven as some teach. Jesus will always rule and reign in
heaven for all eternity. The Roman Catholic Church is known as
amillennialism (no millennium). This is false.

While not believing in the rapture or the millennium or heliocentric (sun)
centered universe does not make a cult, it does show how the "Church" is
infallible in morals and matters and teachings of scripture. They teach
that one must go to a priest for interpretation of scripture yet they do
not know it themselves. The rapture and millennium are clearly in
scripture, so why does Roman Catholicism not teach or believe in them when
the "Church" is supposedly infallible. These doctrines along with the
earlier mention of homosexuality are just examples of how the "Church" is
not "infallible."

Another change coming to the "Church" in their Catechism of the
Catholic Church by Pope Francis is the "sin against ecology." The pope
says it is a sin to destroy "Mother Earth." The pope mentioned this at the
20th World Congress of the International Association of Penal Law in Italy
in November 2019. He earlier wrote about this in his book "Our Mother
Earth" published in October 2019. The addition of this believe again shows
the "Church" changes. There is no "Mother Earth". We are not to worship
the earth, we worship God who created the earth. As Christians we are to
take care of the earth and not intentionally destroy it, but it is not an
"ecological sin" if one does and we are not to worship it.

{"We have to introduce―we are thinking about it―to the Catechism of the
Catholic Church the sin against ecology, the 'ecological sin' against our
common home, because a duty is at stake"}, Pope Francis said during his
speech at the Congress. This is from the website www.sputniknews.com.  

God told the tribes when they were in the Promised Land to cut down
trees if they needed more room for growth.  The pope is just trying again
to add sins of bondage to Roman Catholics because of his personal beliefs.
He is not speaking on behalf of God.

The "Church' has been fallible (wrong) many times in its history.
They will not admit they were wrong or it would prove they are not
"infallible", but are indeed fallible as the men that they are.

45. Roman Catholicism says Roman Catholics are not allowed to eat meat on
Fridays during Lent:

The following two canons are from the 1983 Code of Canon Law (CIC)
which is the latest edition of the Roman Catholic Church's "fundamental
body of ecclesiastical laws for the Latin Church". This is just another
added book of Roman Catholicism of all of its rules to "control" its
people with all of its false doctrines.

[The penitential days and times in the universal Church are every Friday
of the whole year and the season of Lent.] (Canon 1250)

[Abstinence from meat, or from some other food as determined by the
Episcopal Conference, is to be observed on all Fridays, unless a solemnity
should fall on a Friday. Abstinence and fasting are to be observed on Ash
Wednesday and Good Friday.] (Canon 1251)

This practice of forbidding meat on Fridays during Lent is another
manmade doctrine of the "Church". Lent is a manmade holiday by the
"Church" for 40 days prior to Easter. During this time, Roman Catholics do
"penance' by fasting (works for salvation). The supposed reason the
"Church" does not allow eating of meat on Fridays is to remind Roman
Catholics that Jesus died on a Friday (Jesus most likely actually died on
a Thursday) and he gave up his body (flesh) and so in order to attain a
greater communion with Christ, one must refrain from eating meat. Not
eating meat makes one closer to God, reading his word and prayer does.
This does not make a whole lot of sense since originally the "Church"
forbad eating meat not only on Fridays, but also on Wednesdays and
Saturdays. Later the rule was changed to only no meat on Ash Wednesday
(another false manmade "Church" holiday) and on Fridays. In 1966, the pope
allowed American Roman Catholics to only not be able to eat meat on Ash
Wednesday, Good Friday, and all Fridays during the Lent season (Why are
rules different for American Catholics from others? Should not all Roman
Catholics be the same?) At one time, Roman Catholics were not allowed to
eat meat on any Fridays during the entire year and fasting was required on
Ash Wednesday and Good Friday. This again shows how the "Church" does
change despite what they say. Often Roman Catholics will give up something
they really like such as chocolate or alcohol during Lent as a way of
self-denial to earn works. After it is over, they often gorge on the item
they denied themselves which makes no sense. Often times the day before
Lent starts, Roman Catholics will also pig out on what is known as Fat
Tuesday and is also the last day of Mardi Gras. These are also false
manmade holidays that serve no purpose. Mardi Gras in New Orleans is often
a drunken fest with women exposing themselves. Is this what Christians do?
God does not approve of overeating. Fasting is to be done by Christians,
but in secret and is to be a time of reflection on God and a time of
prayer. Jesus said in (Matthew 6:16-18 16 ¶ Moreover when ye fast, be not,
as the hypocrites, of a sad countenance: for they disfigure their faces,
that they may appear unto men to fast. Verily I say unto you, They have
their reward.
17 But thou, when thou fastest, anoint thine head, and wash thy face;
18 That thou appear not unto men to fast, but unto thy Father which is in
secret: and thy Father, which seeth in secret, shall reward thee openly.)
It is not done to gain "good works' for salvation as is done by Roman
Catholics or to deny oneself of meat. God said all food is good for us if
it has been prayed for and one has asked God to bless it. Jesus said in
(Matthew 15:11 Not that which goeth into the mouth defileth a man; but
that which cometh out of the mouth, this defileth a man.) (I Timothy 4:4-5
4 For every creature of God is good, and nothing to be refused, if it be
received with thanksgiving:
5 For it is sanctified by the word of God and prayer.) God said there
would be a time when man was forbidden to eat meat and to marry. (I
Timothy 4:3 Forbidding to marry, and commanding to abstain from meats,
which God hath created to be received with thanksgiving of them which
believe and know the truth.) This is exactly what Roman Catholicism does
to its people with forbidding eating of meat during Lent and forbidding
priests to marry.

Roman Catholics are allowed to eat fish on Fridays which the "Church"
says is not meat. Fish is meat. They say fish are a different category of
animal which is not true. Basically they say they can be eaten since they
are cold blooded animals and "meat" is warm blooded animals. This is again
another made up description by the "Church" to justify their doctrine and
enslave and deprive their people.

46. Roman Catholicism says witchcraft is ok:

Harry Potter books are all about witchcraft. Harry is supposedly a
good wizard. God says all witchcraft is of Satan. There is no good or evil
or black or white witchcraft, it is all black evil witchcraft from Satan.
These books are extremely dangerous for everyone, but especially children
as they are the most easily influenced and these books will turn people
away from God or make a Christian backslide. Reading them will never bring
good to the reader. How can the Vatican approve of such dangerous
material? Could it be because of its own connection to Satan and evil
clings together?

Description:
http://www.jesus-is-savior.com/False%20Religions/Roman%20Catholicism/vatican_approves_witchcraft50.jpg

The above article was in the February 4, 2003 Chicago Sun-Times
newspaper. This shows the Vatican approves of witchcraft which God
condemns. Notice in the bottom article that the "Church" also approves of
New Age music which is of the devil. The article was used by permission
from the website www.jesus-is-savior.com.      

A former witch who was saved by the blood of Jesus says that some of
the words learned by Harry Potter in the first book while he was learning
about witchcraft such as "Azkaban", "Circe", "Draco", "Erised", "Hermes",
and "Slytherin" are names of real devils (demons). As this witch said
"These are not characters of fiction!"

Scripture does not approve of what the "Church" has to say about
witchcraft. The pope and other "Church" leaders are supposedly infallible
in moral doctrines, yet they are again against what God has to say about
witchcraft. Why do they oppose God, if they supposedly speak for God?
Jesus said he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. If scripture says
he does not change, then why does the "Church" say he does by saying
witchcraft is ok, when scripture says otherwise? (Hebrews 13:8 Jesus
Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.) (I Samuel 15:23 For
rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft, and stubbornness is as iniquity and
idolatry. Because thou hast rejected the word of the LORD, he hath also
rejected thee from being king.) (Galatians 5:19-21 19 Now the works of the
flesh are manifest, which are these; Adultery, fornication, uncleanness,
lasciviousness,
20 Idolatry, witchcraft, hatred, variance, emulations, wrath, strife,
seditions, heresies,
21 Envyings, murders, drunkenness, revellings, and such like: of the which
I tell you before, as I have also told you in time past, that they which
do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God.) (Exodus 22:18 ¶ Thou
shalt not suffer a witch to live.) (Leviticus 20:27 ¶ A man also or woman
that hath a familiar spirit, or that is a wizard, shall surely be put to
death: they shall stone them with stones: their blood shall be upon them.)
(Deuteronomy 18:10-12 10 There shall not be found among you any one that
maketh his son or his daughter to pass through the fire, or that useth
divination, or an observer of times, or an enchanter, or a witch,
11 Or a charmer, or a consulter with familiar spirits, or a wizard, or a
necromancer.
12 For all that do these things are an abomination unto the LORD: and
because of these abominations the LORD thy God doth drive them out from
before thee.) These verses clearly show that God does not approve of
witchcraft. It is an abomination unto the LORD and they are to be put to
death. How does a "man of God" from the "Church" who is "infallible in
moral matters" say Harry Potter and witchcraft is compatible with
Christians? Witchcraft is clearly of Satan as is Star Wars and its "force"
which is a term used by witches to describe Satan.

The "Church" accepts "New Age" music because they have New Age words
and doctrines in their bibles.

While this may not be a direct doctrine of Roman Catholicism it is worth
noting. Santeria is a religion that is a mixture of Roman Catholicism,
witchcraft, and voodoo. Santeria is Spanish for "worship of saints or Way
of the Saints". Notice how two things connected with Satan are connected
with Roman Catholicism. Why was it Roman Catholicism and not Baptist or
some other denomination? Could it be because they are more connected then
one realizes and how Roman Catholicism along with witchcraft and voodooism
are all connected with Satan? Voodoo itself is a mixture of Roman
Catholicism and ancestor worship. Roman Catholicism teaches one to pray to
the dead and for the dead and to saints. No wonder Santeria and voodoo so
easily mix with Roman Catholicism. This is another reason to condemn
witchcraft. Since witchcraft is ok by the "Church", this kind of mixture
will most likely continue.

Doc Marquis, a former witch, wrote a book called Secrets of the
Illuminati doc that includes a chapter titled "Is It Catholicism Or
Witchcraft?" As a former witch he has insight into witchcraft. Doc Marquis
says Roman Catholicism and witchcraft are one and the same. He has a chart
of eleven things that are basically the same between Roman Catholicism and
witchcraft. He then explains each of them showing the similarities. The
eleven things compared are the altar, the golden goblet known as a
chalice, colored candles used in services, the use of incense, the use of
bells in the ceremony, praying to statues, the use of Latin in services,
the use of a golden scepter in giving a large blessing to the people, both
believe in purgatory, both believe in the host, and both believe in the
five elements of spirit, water, air, fire, and earth. The Roman Catholic
host usually has the initials IHS and a sun on them. The Roman Catholic
Church claims the I (iota) and H (heta) is for the first two Greek letters
of Jesus (Iesous in Greek) with the "S" added at another date which is of
unknown origin. The IH was supposedly used as code for Jesus. There is no
explanation for the sun. Some leaders claim IHS stands for the Latin
"Iesus Hominum Salvator" which means Jesus Saviour of the People. The
"Church" says it does not really know. The letters just happen to match
the witchcraft host which witches admit stands for the Egyptian gods and
goddess Isis, Horus, and Seb and the sun for sun worship. If Roman
Catholicism is not the same as witchcraft, why have so many similarities?
I would change how I did things so that no would confuse Roman Catholicism
with witchcraft. You do not see people confusing Baptist with witchcraft.
(I Thessalonians 5:22 Abstain from all appearance of evil.) God warned us
not to be confused with the world and sin. Maybe the "Church" needs to
take notice. Those eleven things mentioned are not in scripture for the
church. More manmade tradition of Roman Catholicism. For more information
on these eleven things go to
https://humansarefree.com/2014/06/roman-catholicism-is-witchcraft-the-complete-evidence.html.

47. Mariolotry:

Roman Catholicism says it is Christian and the true "Church" of Jesus
yet it worships Mary and not Jesus. It says it does not, but it actions
and words speak loud and clear. Mary statues are everywhere, yet you
hardly ever see one of Jesus. Mary is always seen, heard, and talked about
more than Jesus. Jesus should be preeminent if he is who the "Church"
worships, but Mary is, not Jesus showing Mary is preeminent and the one
worshipped. When Roman Catholics are in trouble, they usually pray to
Mary, not Jesus. I have shown some of the many false doctrines concerning
Mary such as she saves, she is the "Mother of God", has titles reserved
for Jesus such as Intercessor, Advocate, and Mediator, she is the "Queen
of Heaven", she is the source of holiness, she prays for Roman Catholics
and is to be prayed to, Immaculate Conception, Assumption of Mary, she was
a perpetual virgin, statues of her are everywhere and people bow down
before them, Mary's works can merit grace on Roman Catholics, and there
are many other things. When Roman Catholics pray the Rosary, most of the
prayers are directed to Mary "Hail Mary", with very few directed to God.
The popes have talked about making her a co-redeemer (Co-Redemptrix) with
Jesus. This has not been done "officially", but she is called that and
there are pictures of her with these words. Pope John Paul II almost made
it "official." The "Church" feels she is even if it is not "official" yet.
How can Mary be our redeemer when she was born with sin and a sinner just
like all of us and she never died for us and is not God? People say they
have seen visions of Mary in the sky such as at Fatima, Portugal in 1917
or they think a piece of pizza or some other object looks like her and
they worship them. Precious Roman Catholic souls, Mary is in heaven and
cannot come back to earth. The visions seen are not of Mary, but of devils
pretending to be Mary. Do not be deceived. Why do Roman Catholics always
see Mary and not Jesus? Could it be because she is more important to them?
Roman Catholicism has made Mary a god and replaced Jesus with her. They
say with their mouth they believe in Jesus but their actions show where
their heart really is. (Matthew 15:18 But those things which proceed out
of the mouth come forth from the heart; and they defile the man.) The
titles and characteristics given to Mary as well as Mary being the "Queen
of Heaven" shows she is just an old Babylonian goddess renamed Mary. Mary
is said to be the "mother of the church" yet nowhere in scripture does it
say this. Mary was used as the vessel to deliver Jesus as a man who gave
us the church, but Mary had nothing to do with giving us the church. Many
Roman Catholic girls are named Mary in her honor, much more frequently
than in other denominations, as she is highly revered in Roman
Catholicism. Mary is bowed down to by popes and lay Roman Catholics. The
following pictures show some of this worship and idolatry.

Description:
http://www.jesus-is-savior.com/False%20Religions/Roman%20Catholicism/pope4.jpg
Description:
http://www.jesus-is-savior.com/False%20Religions/Roman%20Catholicism/popepray.jpg



These two pictures used by permission clearly showing the pope
praying to Mary and bowing before her (worshipping her).    

Description:
https://jesus-is-savior.com/False%20Religions/Roman%20Catholicism/guadalupe.jpg

In the above image Jesus Christ is replaced by Mary defeating Satan and
the antichrist. Notice also the glow around Mary as if she was God and the
"halo" of stars around her head.

48. Some of the many sins of the "infallible Church":

Throughout the history of the Roman Catholic Church, it has
persecuted true Christians and anyone who goes against the leadership of
the "Church", challenged the pope or false "Church" doctrines. Many true
Christians were tortured and burnt at the stake or suffered some other
cruel death. A good book on this subject is John Foxe's book "Foxe's Book
of Martyrs" written in 1563 which tells of much persecution of Christians
by the Roman Catholic Church. The "Church" burned true Holy Bibles in
order to suppress the truth and even Roman Catholics were not given an
English bible until 1610 with the Douay-Rheims. Previously all Roman
Catholics used the Latin Vulgate when no one including some priests even
spoke or understood Latin. This was done to keep Roman Catholics in the
dark and away from the truth. How can the "Church" teach the people if the
priests do not even know what they are reading? How can they interpret
scripture?

Persecution increased after the start of the Protestant Reformation
in the 1500's. The "Church" started the Jesuit order of priests who were
the pope's right hand men. They did the "dirty" work for the pope in
handling "problems" including killing true Christians and Protestants and
trying to prevent God's words in the King James Bible by infiltrating the
translators and tried to force nations such as England back into Roman
Catholicism. The Jesuits at one point were banned from entering every
European nation. Even Roman Catholics feared them. Even today, the Jesuits
have been behind the Alexandrian cult bibles and the push to use them and
the elimination of God's preserved words, the King James Bible. Today the
real leader of the "Church" is not the visible "white" pope currently Pope
Francis, but the so called "black" pope who is the Superior General or
leader of the Society of Jesus (the Jesuits).

The Spanish Inquisition along with other inquisitions under orders
and approval of the "Church" led to much imprisonment, torture, and even
death of Christians and people of other religions who refused to convert
to Roman Catholicism. True Christianity does not force people to become
Christians, which one cannot force someone to convert to true
Christianity. Cults and false religions try to force people to convert to
their religion or die. Revelation speaks of a woman that fits the Roman
Catholic Church and her shed blood and most likely the whole chapter is
speaking of Roman Catholicism. (Revelation 17:4-6 4 And the woman was
arrayed in purple and scarlet colour, and decked with gold and precious
stones and pearls, having a golden cup in her hand full of abominations
and filthiness of her fornication:
5 And upon her forehead was a name written, MYSTERY, BABYLON THE GREAT,
THE MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH.
6 And I saw the woman drunken with the blood of the saints, and with the
blood of the martyrs of Jesus: and when I saw her, I wondered with great
admiration.) Notice the woman is dressed in scarlet just as the "Church's"
cardinals. The color scarlet sometimes represents sin in scripture. The
"Church" says they wear scarlet for the blood of Jesus and the blood of
martyrs. I beg to differ. This is one of the reasons that for a long time
the pope was referred to as the antichrist. The "Church" even had an
official "Holy Office of the Inquisition" (Congregation for Universal
Inquisition changed to Congregation of the Holy Office in 1908) in the
Roman Curia in order to carry out the various inquisitions in Europe also
in such places as Portugal and Holy Roman Empire. They tried in England
with the sending of the Spanish Armada, but England defeated Spain with
the help of God. Today this office is known as the Congregation for the
Doctrine of the Faith. The "Church" has never eliminated the inquisition
office, just changed its name. It may not be "active" as in the past, but
it is ready if needed again in the future. Jesus never told his disciples
to use force to try and get people to be saved and become Christians.

St. Bartholomew's Day massacre in France in 1572 was a massacre of
Huguenots (Calvinist Protestants) by Roman Catholics. From 5,000-30,000
are believed to have been massacred. This massacre was an attempt by Roman
Catholics to stop the growth of the Huguenots and Protestants. The head of
the leader was sent to the pope, though he supposedly never received it.
The pope sent the French king a golden Rose and ordered a Te Deum (Latin
hymn) to be sung at a special thanksgiving. This was done for many years
and shows the approval of the massacres by the pope.

I have already mentioned the "ratline' and how the "Church" helped
Nazis and other killers get away including the leaders of the Croatian
massacre. These people behind these atrocities were Roman Catholics and
supported by the Vatican.

The pope used to have much control over European monarchs,
threatening them with excommunication if they did not obey them, even
having them start a war with another European king who also was a
"brother" Roman Catholic. The popes were responsible for the "Holy Wars"
of the Crusades against the Muslims and also to try and gain control over
Jerusalem which God gave to the Jews. Often the crusaders could be
absolved of all of their sins by the sacrament of Penance. God never told
Christians to start wars with non-Christians just because they were not
Christians. Christians are to try and reach them with the gospel.

Queen Mary I of England was a Roman Catholic who was better known as
"Bloody Mary" for her persecution of non-Roman Catholics. She had many
killed. Is this what Christians do?

The "Church" often used the threat of excommunication against people
who opposed the "Church" and its leaders. They were not only shunned from
the "Church" and their family, but were not allowed to participate in the
sacraments and so therefore were most likely "damned to hell" as the
sacraments were necessary for salvation in the eyes of the "Church".

There is much evidence that the Vatican is full of Satanism including
popes. Just one of many places to read about this is
http://www.hope-of-israel.org/vaticansatan.html. There are numerous
YouTube videos on this topic. One of the popes who were involved in
Satanism was Pope Benedict IX who was as young as 11 or 12 when he became
pope depending on the source. All sources say he was young. He sold the
papacy to his godfather Pope Gregory VI. Some line of succession from
Peter. God's men are called, not bought and no man of God who leads his
"Church" would be a Satanist or as young as Benedict IX was. Many
Freemasons which are also connected with Satanism at the highest levels
also run around in the Vatican. It is reported black masses and sacrifice
of children has been done in the Vatican by former priests and exorcists
for the Vatican.

This is just a small sample of the many sins of the "Church". Jesus
would not approve of any of these things.

Three good books showing some of the evil history of the Roman
Catholic Church are "A Woman Rides the Beast" by Dave Hunt, "50 Years in
the "Church" of Rome: The Conversion of a Roman Catholic Priest" by
Charles Chiniquy (a true story written by a former priest), and "The
Secret History of the Jesuits" by Edmond Paris.  The Battle Cry newsletter
by Chick Publications has helpful information on this topic and is
available on their website to read for free along with past issues at
www.chick.com. Chick Publications also has the Alberto Series of comic
books with true stories by a former Jesuit priest Alberto Rivera who got
saved.

49. Annulment (Declaration of Nullity):

Declaration of Nullity or more commonly known as annulment is when in
the eyes of the Roman Catholic Church a marriage is nullified as if it
never happened due to various reasons. Some reasons given for annulment
are that two Roman Catholics did not get married in a Roman Catholic
church, two people are too closely blood related, a Roman Catholic marries
someone who is not a Roman Catholic, the man was ordained to holy orders
(vow of celibacy because they are becoming a priest), one of the people
made a public vow of chastity (virginity), one was supposedly not mentally
stable to get married, lack of judgment on the part of one of them, and
there are others as well. When a person gets an annulment, they are free
to marry again as if this was their first marriage. The "Church" continues
to make annulments easier and easier to obtain and does not even charge
for them "insofar as possible." Annulments are another way to get around
God's commandment that a marriage is between one man and one woman and
they become one flesh and do not divorce. The "Church" is encouraging
adultery by allowing annulments which are against God's word. You cannot
pretend that one was not married just because the marriage is not approved
by the "Church" or one of the parties wants a reason to get rid of the
other without a divorce. God still sees this as divorce and adultery if
any remarry. The people getting married have control over the reasons for
annulment such as knowing whether the other person is a Roman Catholic and
getting married in a Roman Catholic church. The priests marrying these
people should make sure the marriage is ok in God's eyes. The abuse of
getting annulments to make it easier to get rid of a spouse is evident in
just the United States where most annulments occur. Annulments in the
United States went from 338 in 1968 to 27,000 in 2006 and Pope Francis
made it even easier to get an annulment in 2015 and the pope is supposed
to be "infallible in moral matters" and a "Vicar of Christ". Let us see
what God and Jesus have to say about marriage. One example of the
absurdity of annulments over history is king Louis VII of France got an
annulment from his wife who he said was too close of a cousin to marry,
yet both he and his wife later married even closer cousins. Roman
Catholics see annulments as a quick way to get rid of a spouse and pretend
they were never married to try and pretend when they marry again they are
not guilty of adultery and the "Church" helps them and encourages this
sin. This is just another example of the failure of the "infallible"
"Church." Roman Catholics are supposed to marry another Roman Catholic and
in the Roman Catholic church and be married in front of a priest. This is
just more control by the "Church."

[For this reason (or for other reasons that render the marriage null and
void) the Church, after an examination of the situation by the competent
ecclesiastical tribunal, can declare the nullity of a marriage, i.e., that
the marriage never existed. In this case the contracting parties are free
to marry, provided the natural obligations of a previous union are
discharged.] (Page 406, 1629)

CCC 1629 clearly shows that after an annulment, the parties are free
to marry, which is against God's word. CCC 1629 also shows how the
"Church" and the couple pretend they were never even married, "the
marriage never existed."

[The priest (or deacon) who assists at the celebration of a marriage
receives the consent of the spouses in the name of the Church and gives
the blessing of the Church. The presence of the Church's minister (and
also of the witnesses) visibly expresses the fact that marriage is an
ecclesial reality.] (Page 407, 1630)

CCC 1630 shows how Roman Catholics are expected to marry other Roman
Catholics and in the church. The couple also receives the blessing of the
"Church" so why does it allow an annulment then? If it is "infallible", it
should have known these two people should never have married. CCC 1630
also says the "marriage is an ecclesial reality", so if it is real, how
can the "church" pretend that it never existed?

The "Church" rightly teaches that divorce is against God's law yet
gets around it with annulments. This is the type of things cults do. They
are always looking for a loophole in God's word and since there are none,
they make one.

(Genesis 2:24 Therefore shall a man leave his father and his mother,
and shall cleave unto his wife: and they shall be one flesh.) Jesus said
in (Matthew 5:32 But I say unto you, That whosoever shall put away his
wife, saving for the cause of fornication, causeth her to commit adultery:
and whosoever shall marry her that is divorced committeth adultery.) Jesus
said to the Pharisees in Matthew: (Matthew 19:3-9 3 ¶ The Pharisees also
came unto him, tempting him, and saying unto him, Is it lawful for a man
to put away his wife for every cause?
4 And he answered and said unto them, Have ye not read, that he which made
them at the beginning made them male and female,
5 And said, For this cause shall a man leave father and mother, and shall
cleave to his wife: and they twain shall be one flesh?
6 Wherefore they are no more twain, but one flesh. What therefore God hath
joined together, let not man put asunder.
7 They say unto him, Why did Moses then command to give a writing of
divorcement, and to put her away?
8 He saith unto them, Moses because of the hardness of your hearts
suffered you to put away your wives: but from the beginning it was not so.
9 And I say unto you, Whosoever shall put away his wife, except it be for
fornication, and shall marry another, committeth adultery: and whoso
marrieth her which is put away doth commit adultery.) Jesus said in (Mark
10:2-12 2 ¶ And the Pharisees came to him, and asked him, Is it lawful for
a man to put away his wife? tempting him.
3 And he answered and said unto them, What did Moses command you?
4 And they said, Moses suffered to write a bill of divorcement, and to put
her away.
5 And Jesus answered and said unto them, For the hardness of your heart he
wrote you this precept.
6 But from the beginning of the creation God made them male and female.
7 For this cause shall a man leave his father and mother, and cleave to
his wife;
8 And they twain shall be one flesh: so then they are no more twain, but
one flesh.
9 What therefore God hath joined together, let not man put asunder.
10 And in the house his disciples asked him again of the same matter.
11 And he saith unto them, Whosoever shall put away his wife, and marry
another, committeth adultery against her.
12 And if a woman shall put away her husband, and be married to another,
she committeth adultery.) Jesus said in (Luke 16:18 Whosoever putteth away
his wife, and marrieth another, committeth adultery: and whosoever
marrieth her that is put away from her husband committeth adultery.) (I
Corinthians 6:16-17 16 What? know ye not that he which is joined to an
harlot is one body? for two, saith he, shall be one flesh.
17 But he that is joined unto the Lord is one spirit.) (Ephesians 5:31 For
this cause shall a man leave his father and mother, and shall be joined
unto his wife, and they two shall be one flesh.) These verses clearly show
how when two people get married they become one flesh and even one spirit
in I Corinthians 6:17. God said what he put together, let no man put
asunder (no divorce or annulment) and if a divorced (or annulled) person
remarries, they are guilty of adultery. Both spouses are guilty of
adultery if they remarry, whether they wanted the annulment or not.
Annulment is never mentioned in scripture because if one is married they
are married and cannot just "make it go away." This is why people need to
make sure the marriage is ordained by God before getting married. God can
and will forgive anyone who has had an annulment if they confess their sin
before him and ask Jesus to forgive them, but do not try to justify that
it is ok just because the "Church" says it is when God says it is not. Who
are you going to believe, God or the "Church"? Jesus said you know the
commandments including do not commit adultery, so obey Jesus who is God.
(Mark 10:19 Thou knowest the commandments, Do not commit adultery, Do not
kill, Do not steal, Do not bear false witness, Defraud not, Honour thy
father and mother.) Annulment is another manmade doctrine by the Roman
Catholic Church to encourage and justify the sin of adultery.

50. Salvation for Muslims:

[The Church's relationship with the Muslims. "The plan of salvation also
includes those who acknowledge the Creator, in the first place amongst
whom are the Muslims; these profess to hold the faith of Abraham, and
together with us they adore the one, merciful God, mankind's judge on the
last day."] (Page 223, 841)

Roman Catholicism says that Muslims worship the same "God" as
Christians since they hold the faith of Abraham and acknowledge the
"Creator" and thus are also saved. Muslims do not worship the same God of
Christianity. They worship Allah who is Satan. Muslims do not believe in
the Godhead (triune God of God the Father, God the Son (Jesus Christ), and
God the Holy Ghost), and deny the deity of Jesus. One can only have
salvation by Jesus, not Allah and one must believe in the deity of Jesus
which Muslims do not. Muslims themselves would tell you that Muslims and
Christians (including loosely in the term, Roman Catholics) do not worship
the same God and would accuse a Roman Catholic of blasphemy. They are
right. Roman Catholics are guilty of blasphemy. If Muslims are saved, then
there is no need to have them become Roman Catholics. Muslims have killed
Roman Catholics for years as well as true Christians and Jews. They are
not saved. Any non-Roman Catholic and even most lay Roman Catholics knows
that Muslims are not saved and do not worship the same God as Christians.
The Roman Catholic Church is right in that both Muslims and Roman
Catholicism worship the same god who is Satan. Neither of them worships
the true living God of scripture (the Holy Bible). Scripture says there is
only one God and he is the God of true believers in his son Jesus, not
Muslims. (Psalm 86:8 Among the gods there is none like unto thee, O Lord;
neither are there any works like unto thy works.) (Jeremiah 10:10 But the
LORD is the true God, he is the living God, and an everlasting king: at
his wrath the earth shall tremble, and the nations shall not be able to
abide his indignation.) Muslims can call upon Jesus just as anyone else
and get saved, but until then they are not saved. The "Creator" of Islam
is no creator as only God can create, not Satan. Jesus is the Creator, not
Allah. Colossians shows how all things were made (created) by Jesus,
including Satan whom Jesus created as Lucifer. (Colossians 1:16 For by him
were all things created, that are in heaven, and that are in earth,
visible and invisible, whether they be thrones, or dominions, or
principalities, or powers: all things were created by him, and for him:)
Precious Roman Catholics, call out your "Church" on this blasphemous
statement that God and Allah are the same. Who will you trust for your
salvation, Allah or the God of the Holy Bible? Trust Jesus for salvation.
Many places in the Catechism show that a person must be a member (a
baptized Roman Catholic) of the Roman Catholic Church to be saved since
the "Church" saves, so saying Muslims are saved contradicts their own
Catechism beliefs in other areas. This again shows how the "Church" is not
"infallible."

[The Catholic Church recognizes in other religions that search, among
shadows and images, for the God who is unknown yet near since he gives
life and breath and all things and wants all men to be saved. Thus, the
Church considers all goodness and truth found in these religions as "a
preparation for the Gospel and given by him who enlightens all men that
they may at length have life."] (Page 223, 843)

CCC 843 shows the Roman Catholic Church now also believes other
religions who search for the truth "among shadows and images" (devils are
behind these shadows and images) can be saved. It is shown above how
salvation only comes from Jesus. (Acts 4:12 Neither is there salvation in
any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men,
whereby we must be saved.) (Romans 10:13 For whosoever shall call upon the
name of the Lord shall be saved.) These verses show one must call upon
Jesus (the Lord) to be saved, not call upon Allah or some other god. All
religions are not the same. Roman Catholicism is trying to push ecumenism
to get the one world religion of the last days mentioned in Revelation.
God condemns the one world religion of the antichrist. There is no need to
send missionaries out to evangelize and tell the world about the need for
Jesus to save them if all religions will lead to salvation.

Description: Anti Pope John Paul II kissing the Koran

This picture was taken on May 14, 1999 as Pope John Paul II kisses the
Koran (Qur'an), the Muslims "holy book". Muslims deny the deity of Jesus.
This is heresy. Picture is from website
https://www.mostholyfamilymonastery.com/catholicchurch/john-paul-ii-kissing-the-koran/#.Xixb1m5FyM8.
Why would the leader of the "only true Christian church" kiss a book of a
false religion that denies the deity of Jesus? This was one of your
beloved leaders. No wonder the "Church" is in a mess.

51. Limbo:

Throughout the history of Roman Catholicism, it was believed that
Limbo was were unbaptized babies went, since they could not go to heaven
since they were not baptized, but only had "original sin" so they did not
go to hell. Some believed certain unbaptized adults went there as well.
This "unofficial, 'official'" doctrine was abandoned in 2007 by Pope
Benedict XVI. The "Church" had talked about removing it for years and
never used the word in the 1994 Catechism of the Catholic Church, though
it is used in the index. The change on this doctrine again shows how the
"Church" has and does change despite what they say. They do not want to
say they change or it would show they are not "infallible." Limbo was just
another false doctrine by the "Church" by "infallible" leaders who would
know if they had read scripture. Now the "Church" says it does not know
what happens to unbaptized babies when they die since there is no Limbo.
Scripture shows us that all babies, baptized or not baptized go to heaven.
David got Bathsheba pregnant while she was still married to Uriah and
David then had Uriah killed. Shortly after the baby was born, it got very
sick and Nathan told David the baby was going to die because of his sin
with Bathsheba. David repented of his sin and cried out to God to save his
child. After he was told the child had died he told his servants that his
child could not come back to him, but that David himself would be with his
child again after his death. David is in heaven and was the apple of God's
eye. If David is in heaven and he went were his child was and is, then his
child is in heaven. God does the same with all babies. David's baby was
not baptized as baptism did not start until the time of John the Baptist
shortly before Jesus started his ministry and long after the death of
David and his baby, yet they are both in heaven. (II Samuel 12:14-23 14
Howbeit, because by this deed thou hast given great occasion to the
enemies of the LORD to blaspheme, the child also that is born unto thee
shall surely die.

15 ¶ And Nathan departed unto his house. And the LORD struck the child
that Uriah's wife bare unto David, and it was very sick.
16 David therefore besought God for the child; and David fasted, and went
in, and lay all night upon the earth.
17 And the elders of his house arose, and went to him, to raise him up
from the earth: but he would not, neither did he eat bread with them.
18 And it came to pass on the seventh day, that the child died. And the
servants of David feared to tell him that the child was dead: for they
said, Behold, while the child was yet alive, we spake unto him, and he
would not hearken unto our voice: how will he then vex himself, if we tell
him that the child is dead?
19 But when David saw that his servants whispered, David perceived that
the child was dead: therefore David said unto his servants, Is the child
dead? And they said, He is dead.
20 Then David arose from the earth, and washed, and anointed himself, and
changed his apparel, and came into the house of the LORD, and worshipped:
then he came to his own house; and when he required, they set bread before
him, and he did eat.
21 Then said his servants unto him, What thing is this that thou hast
done? thou didst fast and weep for the child, while it was alive; but when
the child was dead, thou didst rise and eat bread.
22 And he said, While the child was yet alive, I fasted and wept: for I
said, Who can tell whether GOD will be gracious to me, that the child may
live?
23 But now he is dead, wherefore should I fast? can I bring him back
again? I shall go to him, but he shall not return to me.)

[As regards children who have died without Baptism, the Church can only
entrust them to the mercy of God, as she does in her funeral rites for
them. Indeed, the great mercy of God who desires that all men should be
saved, and Jesus' tenderness toward children which caused him to say: "Let
the children come to me, do not hinder them," allow us to hope that there
is a way of salvation for children who have died without Baptism. All the
more urgent is the Church's call not to prevent little children coming to
Christ through the gift of holy Baptism.] (Page 321, 1261)

[With respect to children who have died without Baptism, the liturgy of
the Church invites us to trust in God's mercy and to pray for their
salvation.] (Page 325, 1283)

CCC 1283 says to pray for their salvation. I have already shown that
it is too late to pray for the dead and it is also a sin to pray for the
dead. There is no need to pray for the baby as it is already in heaven.
Even the Jews always believed that all children up to the age of
accountability (when they know right from wrong, which varies by the child
depending on their mentality) will go to heaven. I believe they are right,
but scripture shows at least babies do. The "Church" leaders if they are
infallible and the only ones who can interpret scripture should know this.

52. Evolution and old earth are approved by the "Church":

The Roman Catholic Church while not directly saying evolution is
doctrine says it is alright to believe in evolution and many leaders even
encourage it. Popes since at least 1950 have said they believe in
evolution, usually theistic evolution where God created everything and
then left it alone and evolution took over. Some leaders even accept the
Big Bang theory. The "Church" is wrong again. Scripture is clear that God
created everything in six literal 24 hour days and rested on the seventh
day. He has been and still is very involved in his creation. God said he
made the animal kinds and they reproduce according to their kind.(Genesis
1:25 And God made the beast of the earth after his kind, and cattle after
their kind, and every thing that creepeth upon the earth after his kind:
and God saw that it was good.) A dog may have many varieties such as a
poodle and a great dane, but they always produce a dog, not a cat. They
are all the dog kind. Cats also have great variety, but always produce a
cat. This is why a lion and tiger can mate because they are both of the
cat kind. The same goes for the horse kind were a zebra and horse can mate
since they are both of the horse kind. God made man on day six in his
image, not in the image of apes. (Genesis 1:27 So God created man in his
own image, in the image of God created he him; male and female created he
them.) The "Church" teaches about "original sin" which is true yet there
is no way to explain that or no purpose for a Saviour if evolution is true
and death came before man. Scripture says there was no death until the sin
of Adam. (Romans 5:12 Wherefore, as by one man sin entered into the world,
and death by sin; and so death passed upon all men, for that all have
sinned:) The "Church" once again demotes Jesus as Creator and Saviour. The
popes who are supposed to know God's word, again fail. Roman Catholic
schools teach evolution again showing what they truly believe. They are
private parochial schools and are not required to teach evolution.

[Faith and science: "Though faith is above reason, there can never be any
real discrepancy between faith and reason. Since the same God who reveals
mysteries and infuses faith has bestowed the light of reason on the human
mind, God cannot deny himself, nor can truth ever contradict truth."
"Consequently, methodical research in all branches of knowledge, provided
it is carried out in a truly scientific manner and does not override moral
laws, can never conflict with the faith, because the things of the world
and the things of faith derive from the same God. The humble and
persevering investigator of the secrets of nature is being led, as it
were, by the hand of God in spite of himself, for it is God, the conserver
of all things, who made them what they are."] (Page 43, 159)

[The question about the origins of the world and of man has been the
object of many scientific studies which have splendidly enriched our
knowledge of the age and dimensions of the cosmos, the development of
life-forms and the appearance of man. These discoveries invite us to even
greater admiration for the greatness of the Creator, prompting us to give
him thanks for all his works and for the understanding and wisdom he gives
to scholars and researchers. With Solomon they can say: "It is he who gave
me unerring knowledge of what exists, to know the structure of the world
and the activity of the elements . . . for wisdom, the fashioner of all
things, taught me."] (Page 74, 283)

CCC 283 shows the "Church" supports evolution. They have "learned"
many things from science such as age of the earth and origin of man. The
"Church" believes in an old earth of billions of years old, when scripture
and true science shows the real age of the earth is a little less than
6,000 years old. The Institute of Creation Research at www.ICR.org has
many scientific proofs on a young earth as does the book Genesis Flood by
Henry Morris. The age of the earth can be calculated by the genealogy
given in Genesis 5 up to Abraham and the time of Abraham's life is known,
so add from then until today. Scripture also clearly shows in Genesis
chapters 1 and 2 the origin of man came about when God created Adam and
Eve on day 6 in his image. Maybe the "Church" needs to read more scripture
and less "science". God warned about the false science seen today by most
scientists. (I Timothy 6:20 O Timothy, keep that which is committed to thy
trust, avoiding profane and vain babblings, and oppositions of science
falsely so called:)

[The great interest accorded to these studies is strongly stimulated by a
question of another order, which goes beyond the proper domain of the
natural sciences. It is not only a question of knowing when and how the
universe arose physically, or when man appeared, but rather of discovering
the meaning of such an origin: is the universe governed by chance, blind
fate, anonymous necessity, or by a transcendent, intelligent and good
Being called "God"? And if the world does come from God's wisdom and
goodness, why is there evil? Where does it come from? Who is responsible
for it? Is there any liberation from it?] (Page 74, 284)

CCC 284 shows the "Church" is glad science studies this false science
so one can know if there is a "God". If one is truly saved they know if
there is a God or not and scripture and the creation clearly show God is
real. (Romans 1:20 For the invisible things of him from the creation of
the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made,
even his eternal power and Godhead; so that they are without excuse:)
(Psalm 19:1 The heavens declare the glory of God; and the firmament
sheweth his handywork.) God shows in Romans and Psalm 19 how all are
without excuse as his creation shows he exists. Since the popes serve
Satan instead of God, they need science to help them.

These quotes from popes and other "Church" leaders on evolution are
from the website
https://catholicexchange.com/brief-exploration-catholic-position-evolution.
These quotes show the truth about what the "Church" thinks about
evolution. Read scripture and one will know evolution is false and from
Satan.

([T]he Teaching Authority of the Church does not forbid that, in
conformity with the present state of human sciences and sacred theology,
research and discussions, on the part of men experienced in both fields,
take place with regard to the doctrine of evolution, in as far as it
inquires into the origin of the human body as coming from pre-existent and
living matter - for the Catholic faith obliges us to hold that souls are
immediately created by God.  However, this must be done in such a way that
the reasons for both opinions, that is, those favorable and those
unfavorable to evolution, be weighed and judged with the necessary
seriousness, moderation and measure, and provided that all are prepared to
submit to the judgment of the Church.

Humani Generis 36.) (Humani Generis was written by Pope Pius XII in 1950.

(The use of intermediary [i.e. secondary] causes does not indicate a God
who is less intelligent and powerful than one who would make things
directly, but one who is more intelligent and powerful. Getting
non-intelligent beings to participate in the production of the world is
more difficult than doing everything oneself-one has to design the
instruments (the elements) themselves in such a way as to allow them to
share in this task...making things not only to be, but to be causes shows
greater power.

Christopher T. Baglow, Faith, Reason, & Science: Theology on the Cutting
Edge, quoting Marie George, 179-180.)

(There are no difficulties in explaining the origin of man in regard to
the body by means of the theory of evolution. According to the hypothesis
mentioned it is possible that the human body, following the order
impressed by the Creator on the energies of life, could have gradually
been prepared in the form of antecedent living beings [i.e. living beings
that existed prior to humanity].

John Paul II, "Humans are Spiritual and Corporeal Beings", April 16,
1986.)

Notice that Pope John Paul II also said beings existed prior to man,
the so called pre-Adamic race which is completely unscriptural and also
brings death before Adam when God said death came by Adam after he sinned.
The pre-Adamic race also brings about a false old earth.

(Today, almost half a century after the publication of the encyclical, new
knowledge has led to the recognition of the theory of evolution as more
than a hypothesis. [the exact words in French were: Aujourdhui, près dun
demi-siècle après la parution de l'encyclique, de nouvelles connaissances
conduisent à reconnaitre dans la théorie de l'évolution plus qu'une
hypothèse.] It is indeed remarkable that this theory has been
progressively accepted by researchers, following a series of discoveries
in various fields of knowledge. The convergence, neither sought nor
fabricated, of the results of work that was conducted independently is in
itself a significant argument in favor of this theory...rather than the
theory of evolution, we should speak of several theories of evolution. On
the one hand, this plurality has to do with the different explanations
advanced for the mechanism of evolution, and on the other, with the
various philosophies on which it is based... theories of evolution which, in
accordance with the philosophies inspiring them, [that] consider the
spirit as emerging from the forces of living matter or as a mere
epiphenomenon of this matter, are incompatible with the truth about man.
Nor are they able to ground the dignity of the person. (Address to the
Pontifical Academy of Sciences, October 22, 1996)) Quote from Pope John
Paul II from
https://www.catholicbridge.com/catholic/catholic-creationism.php.

These websites are all Roman Catholic websites so one cannot say they
are anti-Catholic sites and not true.

("When we read about Creation in Genesis, we run the risk of imagining God
was a magician, with a magic wand able to do everything. But that is not
so. He created human beings and let them develop according to the internal
laws that he gave to each one so they would reach their fulfillment.")
("The Big Bang, which today we hold to be the origin of the world, does
not contradict the intervention of the divine creator, but rather,
requires it.") Quotes from Pope Francis speaking at the Pontifical Academy
of Sciences in October 2014. From website
https://religionnews.com/2014/10/27/pope-francis-evolution-inconsistent-notion-creation/.
This story was also covered by the major news networks and magazines such
as NBC and Newsweek.

The popes condemn themselves. They believe in evolution, therefore
the "Church" believes in evolution as they speak for the "Church" and a
lay Roman Catholic is supposed to follow their teaching. The popes
supposedly speak for Jesus here on earth, but do you truly believe Jesus
believes in evolution? I believe not. He is the Creator.

53. Roman Catholicism has replaced Israel as God's chosen people
(Replacement Theology):

Roman Catholicism teaches the false doctrine of replacement theology
also known as supersessionism which says the "Church" has replaced Israel
as God's chosen people. This doctrine states that all future plans that
had been for Israel are now for the "Church." The "Church" says God is
done with Israel with the exception if individual Jews want to join the
"Church" and be "saved." This dangerous doctrine is why the "Church" has
committed some of its sins and led to anti-Semitism among many Roman
Catholics and other denominations affected by Roman Catholicism. The
"Church" has always exported its sins and tried to push them on all
Christian denominations as well as all false religions. Satan hates Israel
since Jesus as a man was born from the nation of Israel. The "Church" is
controlled by Satan, so they obey the orders of their father the devil and
persecute the Jews. The "Church" had the inquisitions to try and conquer
the Holy Land from the Jews and kill them and Muslims. God gave the Holy
Land to the people of Israel forever. It is their "Promised Land." The
"Church" has no right to Jerusalem or the holy mount. Any true church
would know this and not fight God's true chosen people, Israel. God is not
done with Israel and one day they will all be saved and Jesus a Jew will
rule and reign from Jerusalem. The "Church" assisted Hitler with his
destruction of the Jews and was against Israel becoming a nation in May
1948 and supported a "Palestinian State", a people who have never existed
in the land given to Israel by God. Vatican City did not even have
diplomatic relations with Israel until December 30, 1993. The Roman
Catholic Church has persecuted Jews throughout its history. God said if
you bless Israel, he will bless you and if you curse Israel, he will curse
you. (Genesis 12:3 And I will bless them that bless thee, and curse him
that curseth thee: and in thee shall all families of the earth be
blessed.) Does this sound like the church of Jesus? God told us to pray
for the peace of Jerusalem, so why has the Roman Catholic Church been so
against Israel if it is the true "Church"? (Psalm 122:6 Pray for the peace
of Jerusalem: they shall prosper that love thee.) Where in scripture does
it say God is done with Israel and the Roman Catholic Church has replaced
Israel? Pray for Israel and for the people to be saved. Precious Roman
Catholic, are you going to believe the "Church" is the new Israel or
believe God's word? Again for a "Church" and its leaders who are supposed
to be "infallible in morals" and the only ones who can interpret
scripture, then why has the "Church" treated Israel and God's chosen
people so bad when scripture says to bless them? Here are some scriptures
that shows the Promised Land (Holy Land) and land of Israel belong to
Israel and were given to them by God and not to the "Church." (Genesis
13:14-15 14 ¶ And the LORD said unto Abram, after that Lot was separated
from him, Lift up now thine eyes, and look from the place where thou art
northward, and southward, and eastward, and westward:
15 For all the land which thou seest, to thee will I give it, and to thy
seed for ever.) (Genesis 15:18 In the same day the LORD made a covenant
with Abram, saying, Unto thy seed have I given this land, from the river
of Egypt unto the great river, the river Euphrates:) (Genesis 17:8 And I
will give unto thee, and to thy seed after thee, the land wherein thou art
a stranger, all the land of Canaan, for an everlasting possession; and I
will be their God.) (Exodus 32:13 Remember Abraham, Isaac, and Israel, thy
servants, to whom thou swarest by thine own self, and saidst unto them, I
will multiply your seed as the stars of heaven, and all this land that I
have spoken of will I give unto your seed, and they shall inherit it for
ever.) These verses clearly show that God gave this land to Israel
forever, not the "Church". The Roman Catholic Church is calling God a liar
when they say the land is not Israel's. God swore by himself in a covenant
with Israel that the land was theirs forever. God does not change his mind
from forever to I will give it to the "Church" and I am done with my
people. Obey God, not the "Church". This false doctrine is why the Roman
Catholic Church believes it is the "one and only true Church" and copies
Israel with priests and fancy attire for its leaders.

54. Roman Catholicism has additional books besides scripture:

I have already briefly mentioned this, but want to repeat this sign
of a cult. All cults have additional scripture, their own bibles, and/or
additional books. Roman Catholicism as the king of cults has all of these.
Roman Catholicism has their own bibles (many of them), a book of
traditions in the Catechism of the Catholic Church and two prayer books in
the Missal and Breviary. The "Church" also has the Sacramentary which is
similar to the Missal, but is used by the priest during liturgical
services and Mass and has all of the words he says and songs. A true man
of God speaks what God gives him to say, not what the "Church" has in a
book and then just repeat it every service. The Gradual or the official
Roman Gradual is a book with chants or hymns used during liturgical
service for the Eucharist. The Lectionary is a book that contains
scripture readings to be read on certain days as appointed by the
"Church". The "Church" also has the 1983 Code of Canon Law (1983 CIC) that
is their "ecclesiastical laws" for the "Church." In their corrupt bibles
they have additional books (7) they refer to as the deuterocanonical books
(apocrypha). The "Church" wants these uninspired, non-scriptural books in
their bibles and all bibles since some of their false doctrines such as
praying for the dead and purgatory are found in them (II Maccabees
12:43-46) and if they are "scripture" then they can justify their false
doctrines. They also add additional chapters to some books (Esther and
Daniel), remove entire verses and phrases to suit their false doctrines
and renumber and add some verses. All one needs is a King James Bible and
none of the rest.

55. Salvation is difficult:

Roman Catholicism makes salvation difficult and confusing for Roman
Catholics by adding many works and the huge book of the Catechism of the
Catholic Church as well their prayer books of the Missal and Breviary. It
is impossible for a Roman Catholic to know all of the "rules" imposed on
them by the "Church" especially when they are always changing and
impossible to obey all of them. God knew man could not obey the ten
commandments, but they were given to show man is a sinner. The "Church" is
doing what God condemned the Pharisees for doing by having all of their
traditions and disobeying God's word. The Pharisees had so many rules, it
was impossible to follow all of them. The "Church" wants to keep you in
the dark and control every aspect of your life. Salvation is a free gift
from God by grace and is simple to understand that even a child can
understand it. It is only free if one receives it. It will not be forced
on anyone. Jesus said one must be like a child in order to be saved. He
did not literally mean be a child or act as one, but have the simple non
doubting faith of a child and you will understand the gospel (good news).
Jesus said in (Matthew 18:3 And said, Verily I say unto you, Except ye be
converted, and become as little children, ye shall not enter into the
kingdom of heaven.) (One must repent (see sin in the eyes of God) and
realize they are a sinner in need of a Saviour and that Saviour is only
Jesus, not the "Church" or Mary or the pope or anyone or anything else.
Believe Jesus died on the cross for you, was buried, and rose again on the
third day for you. Call upon Jesus to save you. Then get out of the
"Church." Only Jesus can forgive us of our sins. God is not willing that
any should perish (die) and that includes precious Roman Catholic souls.
(II Peter 3:9 The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men
count slackness; but is longsuffering to us-ward, not willing that any
should perish, but that all should come to repentance.)  

God condemned putting tradition above God. This is exactly what Roman
Catholicism does. They push their tradition on Roman Catholics and elevate
it above God. Obey God and not the tradition of man and the "Church". 
Jesus said in (Matthew 15:9 But in vain they do worship me, teaching for
doctrines the commandments of men.) Jesus said in (Mark 7:7 Howbeit in
vain do they worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men.)
and in (Mark 7:9 And he said unto them, Full well ye reject the
commandment of God, that ye may keep your own tradition.) (Colossians 2:8
Beware lest any man spoil you through philosophy and vain deceit, after
the tradition of men, after the rudiments of the world, and not after
Christ.) (Galatians 4:16 Am I therefore become your enemy, because I tell
you the truth?) Precious Roman Catholic soul, please consider the truth I
have shown you as well as see Corruption in Roman Catholic bibles. You
must make a decision to be truly born again as scripture and God says or
believe the lies and deception of your "Church", its leaders, and Satan.
Who will you choose? I pray you will do as Joshua and serve the LORD and
not the "Church". (Joshua 24:15 And if it seem evil unto you to serve the
LORD, choose you this day whom ye will serve; whether the gods which your
fathers served that were on the other side of the flood, or the gods of
the Amorites, in whose land ye dwell: but as for me and my house, we will
serve the LORD.) Call upon Jesus now to save you. See What must I do to be
saved (born again) and go to heaven and have eternal life? Remember no
matter how long you have been involved in Roman Catholicism, if you repent
and confess your sins of idolatry and false worship, and call upon Jesus
to save you, he will cleanse you from all unrighteousness. (I John 1:9 If
we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and
to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.) Do it now before it is too late.
Once you die, you cannot change your decision made here on earth. (Hebrews
9:27 And as it is appointed unto men once to die, but after this the
judgment:)

(Hosea 4:6 ¶ My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge: because thou
hast rejected knowledge, I will also reject thee, that thou shalt be no
priest to me: seeing thou hast forgotten the law of thy God, I will also
forget thy children.) Just as God rejected his people Israel, and is
rejecting true Christians today because they want to use Alexandrian cult
bibles, instead of his preserved word of God, the King James Bible, God
has also rejected Roman Catholicism for rejecting the truth. You as an
individual Roman Catholic can get out of the Roman Catholic Church and
receive the truth by asking Jesus to save you.

Roman Catholicism and the Roman Catholic Church is full of
antichrists, starting with the pope and the "Church" leaders. God warned
us about them. (I John 2:18 Little children, it is the last time: and as
ye have heard that antichrist shall come, even now are there many
antichrists; whereby we know that it is the last time.) We are living in
the end times and Jesus will return soon so be ready precious Roman
Catholic soul. Get right with God. The pope is a false Christ. Jesus said
in (Mark 13:22 For false Christs and false prophets shall rise, and shall
shew signs and wonders, to seduce, if it were possible, even the elect.)
(II Corinthians 11:13-15 13 For such are false apostles, deceitful
workers, transforming themselves into the apostles of Christ.
14 And no marvel; for Satan himself is transformed into an angel of light.
15 Therefore it is no great thing if his ministers also be transformed as
the ministers of righteousness; whose end shall be according to their
works.) The pope and the "Church" leaders are all false prophets working
for Satan. Their works, words, actions, and fruit bear this out. Jesus
said in (John 3:16 ¶ For God so loved the world, that he gave his only
begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have
everlasting life.)

The leaders of the "Church" do not endure sound doctrine, but
doctrines of devils and are spreading this to her people. Do not listen to
their false doctrines precious Roman Catholic souls. (I Timothy 4:1 Now
the Spirit speaketh expressly, that in the latter times some shall depart
from the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits, and doctrines of devils;)
(II Timothy 4:3-4 3 For the time will come when they will not endure sound
doctrine; but after their own lusts shall they heap to themselves
teachers, having itching ears;
4 And they shall turn away their ears from the truth, and shall be turned
unto fables.) The Roman Catholic Church from her beginning has departed
from true doctrine and perverted the gospel of Christ. The "Church" wants
to keep you in bondage and from the truth. Leave her now. (Galatians 1:6-7
6 I marvel that ye are so soon removed from him that called you into the
grace of Christ unto another gospel:
7 Which is not another; but there be some that trouble you, and would
pervert the gospel of Christ.) The "Church" preaches another gospel, one
from Satan and not God.

A great book on this topic of false doctrines of Roman Catholicism
that is a handy book to hand out is "Understanding Roman Catholicism: 37
Roman Catholic Doctrines Explained" by Rick Jones (a former Roman
Catholic) and a good DVD on how the Roman Catholic Church is in despair is
"Catholicism: Crises of Faith." Another helpful book is Answers To My
Catholic Friends by Thomas F. Heinze. A website run by former Roman
Catholics using the King James Bible is https://excatholicsforchrist.com/.
Another good website for Roman Catholics seeking the truth is
www.reachingcatholics.org/. 

A Final Plea:

Precious Roman Catholic souls, I plea with you one final time to get
out of Roman Catholicism and call upon Jesus to save you. The devil seeks
whom he may devour. Do not let him get your eternal soul. (I Peter 5:8 Be
sober, be vigilant; because your adversary the devil, as a roaring lion,
walketh about, seeking whom he may devour:) (I Corinthians 10:14
Wherefore, my dearly beloved, flee from idolatry.) Only Jesus can save you
and bring you true salvation, not the "Church", baptism, Mary, the pope,
your works, or anything else connected with Roman Catholicism. Roman
Catholicism is a cult and church of Satan, not God. Call upon Jesus for
salvation and become a part of the true church of God. Get out of bondage
and be set free. God will take you as you are and then clean you up. Read
a King James Bible daily and find you a good scripturally based church
that believes the King James Bible is God's word and scripture is the only
and final authority. If you are truly saved you must leave Roman
Catholicism. (II Corinthians 6:14 Be ye not unequally yoked together with
unbelievers: for what fellowship hath righteousness with unrighteousness?
and what communion hath light with darkness?) (II Corinthians 6:16-18 16
And what agreement hath the temple of God with idols? for ye are the
temple of the living God; as God hath said, I will dwell in them, and walk
in them; and I will be their God, and they shall be my people. 17
Wherefore come out from among them, and be ye separate, saith the Lord,
and touch not the unclean thing; and I will receive you, 18 And will be a
Father unto you, and ye shall be my sons and daughters, saith the Lord
Almighty.) (Galatians 5:1 Stand fast therefore in the liberty wherewith
Christ hath made us free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of
bondage.) (Ephesians 5:11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works
of darkness, but rather reprove them.) Obey scripture and God, not the
church. God will help you overcome your fear of leaving the "Church". Do
not worry about losing family or friends. Your eternal soul is far more
important. (II Timothy 1:7 For God hath not given us the spirit of fear;
but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind.) If you have truly gotten
saved, tell all of your Roman Catholic family and friends the truth about
Roman Catholicism. Stop and talk to them as they leave Mass or have them
sit in the car with you. Do not keep the truth from them. You must tell
them the truth, so they may be set free, saved, and on their way to
heaven. Some final verses from God: (Revelation 18:3-5 3 For all nations
have drunk of the wine of the wrath of her fornication, and the kings of
the earth have committed fornication with her, and the merchants of the
earth are waxed rich through the abundance of her delicacies.
4 And I heard another voice from heaven, saying, Come out of her, my
people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of
her plagues.
5 For her sins have reached unto heaven, and God hath remembered her
iniquities.)

The choice is yours to make, whether it will be Roman Catholicism or
Jesus. Which will it be? Do not put it off before it is too late. Choose
Jesus today. {II Corinthians 6:2 (For he saith, I have heard thee in a
time accepted, and in the day of salvation have I succoured thee: behold,
now is the accepted time; behold, now is the day of salvation.)} This
prayer is repeated from earlier. Paul knew he would not have to spend time
in purgatory and was assured of his salvation and going to heaven. You can
too. Just admit you are a sinner, believe Jesus can save you and pray and
ask Jesus to save you. Pray something like this in your own words and mean
it. "Lord Jesus, I am a sinner in need of a Saviour. I believe Jesus died
for my sins, was buried, and rose again on the third day. I realize Roman
Catholicism is false and salvation is only by faith in Jesus alone and I
turn to the true Jesus of scripture and ask Jesus to come into my heart
today and save me. Thank you Lord for saving me." See What must I do to be
saved (be born again), have eternal life and go to heaven? 

Search for: _____________________  [ Search ]

Recent Comments

Archives

Categories

• No categories

Meta

• Log in
• Entries feed
• Comments feed
• WordPress.org

Created my free logo at LogoMakr.com

Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Copyright (c) 2024 Jesus is God and Lord Ministries | Credits
Powered by Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

