Link: profile
Link: dns-prefetch
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Feed (alternate)
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Comments Feed (alternate)
Link: preconnect
Link: preconnect
Link: https://api.w.org/
Link: alternate
Link: RSD (EditURI)
Link: canonical
Link: shortlink
Link: alternate
Link: alternate
Skip to content
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Ye Must Be Born Again

Main Menu

• HOME
• STORE
• ABOUT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD MINISTRIES
• BELIEFS
• CONTACT
• KING JAMES BIBLE TO READ AND LISTEN TO
• KING JAMES BIBLE WORDS AND PHRASES DEFINED
• WHY WE MUST BE BORN AGAIN
• WHAT MUST I DO TO BE SAVED (BE BORN AGAIN), HAVE ETERNAL LIFE AND GO
TO HEAVEN?
• NOW THAT I AM A BORN AGAIN CHRISTIAN, HOW DO I GROW (MATURE)?
• PROOF THAT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD
• SERMONS AND SCRIPTURE LESSONSMenu Toggle

• 3:16 Verses
• Abraham the obedient father and type of God the Father
• According to the word of the LORD
• Alleged Contradictions in Scripture
• Angels and spiritual beings
• Animals Teaching Man  
• Be like Jesus
• Be Thankful
• Bread in Scripture
• Christian Martyrs for Jesus
• Colors in Scripture
• Curse Israel and you will be cursed
• Dangers of Calvinism
• Deadliest battles in scripture
• Deserts in scripture and in our lives
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism
• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freedom and Liberty come from God
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise
• From the resurrection to the ascension
• Genealogies of Jesus
• Gifts of the Holy Ghost
• God is Light
• God is Love
• God the Holy Ghost
• Halloween and the connection to Satan
• Honour Thy Mother
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus is the door that all must enter for everlasting life
• Jesus is the Light of the World and Christians Should Reflect
that Light
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jesus versus Mohammad
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Jonah
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Jude
• Malachi   
• Martyrs in the Lord's Army
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Nahum
• Nehemiah 3 and the ten gates of the Jerusalem wall
• Obadiah
• Our Nation Was Founded Upon God
• Philemon
• Prayer
• Pre-incarnate Appearances of Jesus (Theophanies)
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Proof that Jesus is God
• Prophecies Fulfilled by Jesus at his First Coming
• Prophecies of the Second Coming of Jesus
• Psalm 23
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines
• Santa is Satan and his little elves are devils
• Serve in the Lord's Army
• Seven Vial Judgments of Revelation
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  
• Star of Bethlehem
• Thankful people in scripture  
• The Battle of Gog and Magog
• The Books of God
• The Crucifixion of Jesus
• The Egyptian gods and goddesses of the ten plagues and their
judgment and defeat by the God of gods
• The Exodus   
• The Good Samaritan
• The Gospel in Stone
• The Gospel in the Stars
• The Greatest Father Anyone Can Have And Everyone Needs
• The Handwriting of God
• The Illegal Trial of Jesus
• The King James Bible Built-in Dictionary
• The Miracles at the Crucifixion of Jesus
• The New Year's resolutions that need to be kept
• The Number Seven in Scripture
• The Number Three in Scripture  
• The Riotous Son
• The True Creationism of the Scriptures versus False Theories
• The Unscriptural Flat Earth Theory
• The Unscriptural Lucifer Flood  
• The Widow Woman and the Oil  
• The Word Became Flesh
• Types of the Holy Ghost in scripture
• Was Jesus born on Christmas?
• Was Jesus Crucified on Friday?
• Water in Scripture
• Weather in scripture
• Who are the sons of God of Genesis 6?
• Work is from God
• Worshipping God in psalms, hymns, and spiritual songs
• Zephaniah

• VIDEOS
• HYMNS
• FOR PRECIOUS JEWISH SOULSMenu Toggle

• Meet the Jewish Messiah
• False Religion of Judaism
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  

• FOR PRECIOUS ROMAN CATHOLIC SOULSMenu Toggle

• False Doctrines of Roman Catholicism
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• CULTSMenu Toggle

• Roman CatholicismMenu Toggle

• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism

• FALSE RELIGIONSMenu Toggle

• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise

• RECOMMENDED BOOKS FOR READING
• LINKS
• CHECKOUT
• New items are available in the store for purchase.

0

Now that I am a born again Christian, how do I grow (mature)?

The first thing is to make sure that you are truly saved. Satan likes
to try and deceive people into believing they are saved even when they are
not or places doubt into people who are truly saved. If need be, review
What must I do to be saved (be born again), have eternal life and go to
heaven? and read the entire book of I John and especially chapter 5. (I
John 5:13 These things have I written unto you that believe on the name of
the Son of God; that ye may know that ye have eternal life, and that ye
may believe on the name of the Son of God.) Jesus truly knows and will not
be deceived. (Matthew 7:21-23 ¶ Not every one that saith unto me, Lord,
Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven; but he that doeth the will
of my Father which is in heaven. 22 Many will say to me in that day, Lord,
Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name? and in thy name have cast out
devils? and in thy name done many wonderful works? 23 And then will I
profess unto them, I never knew you: depart from me, ye that work
iniquity. [iniquity is sin]) (II Corinthians 13:5 Examine yourselves,
whether ye be in the faith; prove your own selves. Know ye not your own
selves, how that Jesus Christ is in you, except ye be reprobates?) True
Christians will keep his commandments. (I John 2:3-6 And hereby we do know
that we know him, if we keep his commandments.
4 He that saith, I know him, and keepeth not his commandments, is a liar,
and the truth is not in him.
5 But whoso keepeth his word, in him verily is the love of God perfected:
hereby know we that we are in him.
6 He that saith he abideth in him ought himself also so to walk, even as
he walked.)

I once heard a preacher say one may be saved and going to heaven, but
they are not a Christian. He went on to explain that we say all who are
saved are Christians, but the original people called Christians were in
Antioch. (Acts 11:26 And when he had found him, he brought him unto
Antioch. And it came to pass, that a whole year they assembled themselves
with the church, and taught much people. And the disciples were called
Christians first in Antioch.) They were called Christians because they
were disciples of Christ and followed Christ and were like him. If one is
saved, then follow Christ and obey his commands, so that you can without
guilt say you are a Christian. Tradition says the name Christian was
originally meant to be an insult because they were like Jesus and the
people were trying to mock God (Jesus). May we all be honored to be called
Christians because we are like Jesus Christ.

As a Christian, God commands us to be holy and blameless before him
because he is holy. People do watch us. We are to live in the world, but
not be of the world. We are to be separate and holy from the world just as
God's word preserved in the King James Bible is separate and holy from
other bibles. Our language as in the King James Bible should be holy and
not the everyday language one hears on the street or is heard in a bar,
though a Christian should not be in a bar. There should be a difference
seen in a Christian. (Ephesians 1:4 According as he hath chosen us in him
before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without
blame before him in love:) (I Peter 1:15-16 15 But as he which hath called
you is holy, so be ye holy in all manner of conversation;
16 Because it is written, Be ye holy; for I am holy.) (Philippians 2:15
That ye may be blameless and harmless, the sons of God, without rebuke, in
the midst of a crooked and perverse nation, among whom ye shine as lights
in the world;) (John 17:15-16 15 I pray not that thou shouldest take them
out of the world, but that thou shouldest keep them from the evil. 
16 They are not of the world, even as I am not of the world.)

The following two paragraphs are repeated from What must I do to be
saved (be born again), have eternal life and go to heaven?, but is helpful
information for those who may have not read the other page.

Some helpful things for a new Christian to have if they have access
and can afford them are a King James Bible (a must if at all possible,
either printed or online), a good hymnal (such as Living Hymns or the
Baptist Hymnal), and a concordance such as Strong's Concordance. Use the
concordance only to help you find words in the King James Bible. You can
also go to Purebiblesearch.com to use a program for free with a King James
Bible and a concordance in one. An 1828 Webster's Dictionary can also be
helpful.

After salvation (being born again) read your Holy Bible (scriptures)
{King James Bible} every day (Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by
hearing, and hearing by the word of God.), pray to God in Jesus' name,
confess your sins daily and try to serve the Lord. Make Jesus Lord of your
life. (not every Christian does, most do not, but it is vital for growth
as a Christian) [II Corinthians 5:17 Therefore if any man be in Christ, he
is a new creature: old things are passed away; behold, all things are
become new.] If one is truly saved, there should be a change in the way
they think, talk, act, see life, treat others, and they should hate sin
and be convicted when they do sin. They should want to see people saved
and tell others about Jesus. Others should notice something is different.
You should want to read God's word and know him. Jesus knows and will not
be deceived. Find you a good Bible believing King James Bible church (I
would recommend a Baptist or independent church, as they usually follow
scripture the closest, though you will still need to be wary of some
Baptist and independent churches doctrines and beliefs) and then be
baptized by immersion. Attend all church services (Sunday School, Sunday
Morning Worship, Sunday Evening Worship, and the Wednesday Night Bible
Study and prayer time.) God should and needs to always come first in your
life. If the church you attend does not have all of these services,
encourage the pastor to start having them. (Revival in this nation or
world will not happen if we are never at church or are always finding a
reason not to have a service.) The church I went to growing up also had a
Bible Training Hour just before the Sunday Evening Service. This was
similar to an evening Sunday School class. Then fulfill the commandment of
Jesus in the Great Commission by telling your family, friends and all that
you meet about Jesus so that they may be saved as well. Never fear to
stand up for Jesus. I John 4:4 says Ye are of God, little children, and
have overcome them: because greater is he that is in you, than he that is
in the world. (This refers to Jesus who is in the saved person being
greater than Satan who is in the world.) Never be ashamed of Jesus or deny
him. (Mark 8:38 Whosoever therefore shall be ashamed of me and of my words
in this adulterous and sinful generation; of him also shall the Son of man
be ashamed, when he cometh in the glory of his Father with the holy
angels.) (Luke 9:26 For whosoever shall be ashamed of me and of my words,
of him shall the Son of man be ashamed, when he shall come in his own
glory, and in his Father's, and of the holy angels.) Do not deny Jesus.
(Matthew 10:33 But whosoever shall deny me before men, him will I also
deny before my Father which is in heaven.) Do something for the Lord. Find
a way to serve him and grow from a milk Christian to a meat Christian. A
milk Christian is a new Christian or one who is carnal (worldly) and just
as a baby drinks milk and cannot handle real food as an adult or mature
meat Christian can [one who has grown mature in Jesus Christ, not
necessarily their physical age as some young children are more mature in
Christ than some elderly Christians]. (I Corinthians 3:1-3 And I,
brethren, could not speak unto you as unto spiritual, but as unto carnal,
even as unto babes in Christ.
2 I have fed you with milk, and not with meat: for hitherto ye were not
able to bear it, neither yet now are ye able.
3 For ye are yet carnal: for whereas there is among you envying, and
strife, and divisions, are ye not carnal, and walk as men?) [Paul is
referring here to most Christians who only want to be saved to keep them
out of hell, but want to still live as the world and not make Jesus their
Lord. These are carnal Christians and will not grow until they have a
change of heart. They will stay milk Christians. They just want to have
fire insurance.] (Hebrews 5:12-13 For when for the time ye ought to be
teachers, ye have need that one teach you again which be the first
principles of the oracles of God; and are become such as have need of
milk, and not of strong meat.
13 For every one that useth milk is unskilful in the word of
righteousness: for he is a babe), and (I Peter 2:2 As newborn babes,
desire the sincere milk of the word, that ye may grow thereby:).

All new Christians or any Christian no matter how long they have been
saved, who want to grow, must tell others about Jesus and make this a
priority in their life. Do not worry about being made fun of, losing your
job or your life. Jesus is worth it all and will never give you more than
you can handle. (I Corinthians 10:13 There hath no temptation taken you
but such as is common to man: but God is faithful, who will not suffer you
to be tempted above that ye are able; but will with the temptation also
make a way to escape, that ye may be able to bear it.) Jesus will give you
a new job. Many Christians in Muslim nations or places like China and
India put their lives on the line to tell others, but understand how
important it is to tell others about Jesus so that they do not spend
eternity in the lake of fire and care more about the souls of the lost
than they do about their own earthly lives. We all should have that
attitude. If one is truly saved, we will be in heaven with Jesus when we
die, so we should not fear death. If you put soul winning above yourself,
you will be rewarded by God in eternity, will be blessed in this life, and
will naturally grow as a Christian as you will want to read and study
scripture to learn more and will want to live a godly life so that others
may see Jesus in you and ask how they may be saved. God calls soul winners
wise. (Proverbs 11:30 The fruit of the righteous is a tree of life; and he
that winneth souls is wise.) Soul winners will be awarded a crown of
rejoicing. (I Thessalonians 2:19 For what is our hope, or joy, or crown of
rejoicing? Are not even ye in the presence of our Lord Jesus Christ at his
coming?) For Christians who are martyred, they will receive from God a
crown of life. (Revelation 2:10 Fear none of those things which thou shalt
suffer: behold, the devil shall cast some of you into prison, that ye may
be tried; and ye shall have tribulation ten days: be thou faithful unto
death, and I will give thee a crown of life.) Remember Jesus who lives in
you is greater than Satan who is in the world. (I John 4:4 Ye are of God,
little children, and have overcome them: because greater is he that is in
you, than he that is in the world.) Never fear to serve God and witness
for Jesus. Remember the gospel means good news. It is too good to keep to
ourselves. Someone had the courage and boldness to share the gospel with
you and tell you about Jesus, now it is your turn to tell others about
Jesus. If they had not shared Jesus with you, you would be on your way to
an eternity in hell and the lake of fire. You should not want that for
anyone else, so share the gospel with them, even your worst enemy. Jesus
commanded us to love our enemy, even when it is not easy. (Matthew 5:43-44
¶ Ye have heard that it hath been said, Thou shalt love thy neighbour, and
hate thine enemy.
44 But I say unto you, Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do
good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you,
and persecute you;) The torment of hell and the lake of fire are forever
and such an awful place, not to be wished upon on anyone. There is no
escape. The thought of over 153,000 people dying every day and most of
those without Jesus going to hell for eternity should motivate one to tell
others about Jesus. It is okay and we should weep over the lost. If more
of us wept over the lost and over sin in general (our own and our nations)
then maybe we would be more motivated to witness to others and spread the
gospel and try and win souls for the Lord. Revival will never happen
without tears over sin and without use of the King James Bible.

Make sure you read and study scripture every day with your King James
Bible. Just as our physical bodies need water every day to live, our
spiritual bodies need to be watered with the word of God every day to
live. (II Timothy 2:15 Study to shew thyself approved unto God, a workman
that needeth not to be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth.) It is
very important that it is a King James Bible as it is the word of God (II
Timothy 3:16-17 All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is
profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in
righteousness:
17 That the man of God may be perfect, throughly furnished unto all good
works.) and the other bible versions (including the New King James
version) are the words of man influenced by Satan and the Roman Catholic
Church. See the articles on the King James Bible. The more you read and
learn, the more you will want to read and learn more. Do not try and speed
read scripture. In order to get the most out of scripture, you need to
make sure you are reading at a pace that allows absorption. One should be
reading scripture because they love God's word and want to learn and not
just to be able to mark off ones list that they read the Holy Bible that
day. Always pray and have your sins confessed prior to reading so that
your mind and heart are clear to understand scripture and sin is not in
the way. Always ask God the Holy Ghost to give you an understanding of
what you are reading, teach you new things, and allow you to remember it
and use it to teach and tell others about Jesus. The Holy Ghost wrote
scripture and gave the words to holy men to write down for us, so he knows
the meaning and proper interpretation of all scripture. (II Peter 1:21 For
the prophecy came not in old time by the will of man: but holy men of God
spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost.) When studying scripture
always take it literally as it says unless it tells you otherwise that it
is metaphoric such as in Revelation 1:20 we are given the meaning of the
stars and candlesticks. (Revelation 1:20 The mystery of the seven stars
which thou sawest in my right hand, and the seven golden candlesticks. The
seven stars are the angels of the seven churches: and the seven
candlesticks which thou sawest are the seven churches.) Always compare
scripture with scripture and see what it means in other places. God said
in the mouth of two or three witnesses every word may be established.
(Matthew 18:16 But if he will not hear thee, then take with thee one or
two more, that in the mouth of two or three witnesses every word may be
established.) This verse is not directly referring to the fact that if two
or three verses say the same thing they establish a fact, but I do think
it does apply here as well. Scripture never contradicts other scripture.
If it seems it is, then one or both are being misinterpreted. Scripture
must be rightly divided as we saw in the above verse in II Timothy 2:15.
Scripture is inspired (God-breathed), inerrant (complete without error),
infallible (without defect and trustworthy and reliable and impossible to
contain any errors), plenary (even all the words and punctuation, and
pilcrows [paragraph markings] are inspired, as are the chapter and verse
divisions), and preserved for all eternity in the King James Bible.
Studying scripture is different from reading scripture. Do as the Bereans
did in Acts 17 and search the scriptures yourself to see what they say.
(Acts 17:10-11 ¶ And the brethren immediately sent away Paul and Silas by
night unto Berea: who coming thither went into the synagogue of the Jews.
11 These were more noble than those in Thessalonica, in that they received
the word with all readiness of mind, and searched the scriptures daily,
whether those things were so.) Never take the word of man for granted
including mine. Search the scriptures yourself. Scripture is always right
even if it contradicts your favorite preacher. To learn and understand
scripture, learning the customs and culture of the times of the Holy Bible
helps understand some of the meanings, which are foreign to many of us
today, especially Americans. Also many of the things in scripture such as
the Jewish temple and its furnishings are a shadow of things found in
heaven. (Hebrews 8:5 Who serve unto the example and shadow of heavenly
things, as Moses was admonished of God when he was about to make the
tabernacle: for, See, saith he, that thou make all things according to the
pattern shewed to thee in the mount.) Another thing is learning the feasts
of Israel and how Jesus is represented by all of them. Many of the things
in the Old testament were types of Jesus such as Noah's ark. Another thing
when studying scripture is to know that all directions in scripture are in
relation to Jerusalem and that if it does not relate to the Jews, God does
not tell us much, such as animals not found in Israel. Ultimately all
scripture is to point us to Jesus.

A Christian wanting to grow must pray every day. To really learn how
to pray, it takes much daily practice. They need to confess their own sin
each day (name them to God and not just say sin to cover all of them) and
learn to pray for others, preferably more than for themselves. (I John 1:9
If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins,
and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.) Learn to thank God for
allowing you another day and allowing you to breath. Pray for spiritual,
mental, and physical health so that you may fulfil the Great Commission.
Always give thanks for your food and drink prior to eating or drinking it.
Thank God for a roof over your head. Many people do not even have these
basics every day. Pray for the lost of the world, not just your family and
friends. Have compassion (empathy) on the sick and poor and learn to pray
for those you know that need the healing touch of Jesus or are in nursing
homes or hospitals. (Prayer does work.) (James 5:15 And the prayer of
faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up; and if he have
committed sins, they shall be forgiven him.) Pray for your pastor
(including me) and those in your church, missionaries, godly ministries
(pray for Jesus is God and Lord Ministries and others), your nations
military, your nation, and its leaders, (God commands us to pray for our
leaders, even evil leaders for their salvation. See all of Romans chapter
13, but especially (Romans 13:1-2 Let every soul be subject unto the
higher powers. For there is no power but of God: the powers that be are
ordained of God.
2 Whosoever therefore resisteth the power, resisteth the ordinance of God:
and they that resist shall receive to themselves damnation.) [leaders are
only there because God allows it, such as he told Nebuchadnezzar in Daniel
chapter 4], victims of floods, fires, shootings or other disasters you see
on television (tv), wars in other nations, et cetera and whatever the Holy
Ghost leads you to pray about. There is no set pattern and does not have
to be exact as I have above. Those were just examples, just do not make it
a ritual repetition of words such as Roman Catholics and others as the
heathen do. Pray as you are led by God. Jesus gave an example in Matthew
6:5-15 ¶ And when thou prayest, thou shalt not be as the hypocrites are:
for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and in the corners of the
streets, that they may be seen of men. Verily I say unto you, They have
their reward.
6 But thou, when thou prayest, enter into thy closet, and when thou hast
shut thy door, pray to thy Father which is in secret; and thy Father which
seeth in secret shall reward thee openly.
7 But when ye pray, use not vain repetitions, as the heathen do: for they
think that they shall be heard for their much speaking.
8 Be not ye therefore like unto them: for your Father knoweth what things
ye have need of, before ye ask him.
9 After this manner therefore pray ye: Our Father which art in heaven,
Hallowed be thy name.
10 Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done in earth, as it is in heaven.
11 Give us this day our daily bread.
12 And forgive us our debts, as we forgive our debtors.
13 And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil: For thine is
the kingdom, and the power, and the glory, for ever. Amen.
14 For if ye forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly Father will also
forgive you:
15 But if ye forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your Father
forgive your trespasses. [trespasses are sins] Jesus gives an example to
his apostles in Luke 11:1-4. These are examples and does not mean you pray
these exact words every time. Ask people what their prayer needs are and
pray for them if they are according to God's word. Never pray for
something you know is a sin or not the will of God. Prayer will only be
answered how you want it if it is the will of God. Never stop praying. God
may require you to pray for something for awhile to see how sincere you
are, before answering your prayer. Remember, your prayers are not always
answered with a yes. God may say no to you about a job for example and
then open the door instead to an even better job. Do not get discouraged
if the answer is no. God will not heal everyone. Prayer warriors are a
great asset to any godly Biblical church and will grow a Christian and
encourage them. Always pray in the name of Jesus or you will not be heard
and waste your time. (John 14:13-14 And whatsoever ye shall ask in my
name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son.
14 If ye shall ask any thing in my name, I will do it.) It will only be
granted if it is the will of God, not yours. He will not grant a sinful
request and you must believe Jesus can and will answer your prayer, not
asking, but not truly believing. Jesus said in (Matthew 21:22 And all
things, whatsoever ye shall ask in prayer, believing, ye shall receive.)
Always pray to God the Father in Jesus's name through the power of the
Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost will help you pray. (Romans 8:26-28 26 Likewise
the Spirit also helpeth our infirmities: for we know not what we should
pray for as we ought: but the Spirit itself maketh intercession for us
with groanings which cannot be uttered.
27 And he that searcheth the hearts knoweth what is the mind of the
Spirit, because he maketh intercession for the saints according to the
will of God.
28 And we know that all things work together for good to them that love
God, to them who are the called according to his purpose.) Thank God each
day for his mercy and grace that allowed you to be saved. Mercy is God not
punishing us for our sins as we deserve and grace is God blessing us when
we do not deserve it. One goes before a judge if they are guilty and asks
for mercy such as a murderer gets life or ten years in prison, but should
have been put to death. We are all sinners that are guilty of death, but
God's mercy and grace allows us to choose his Son Jesus and live.
[Ephesians 2:5 Even when we were dead in sins, hath quickened us together
with Christ, (by grace ye are saved;)] (Ephesians 2:8 For by grace are ye
saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God:)
(Titus 3:5 Not by works of righteousness which we have done, but according
to his mercy he saved us, by the washing of regeneration, and renewing of
the Holy Ghost;)

Pray every day that God will put the whole armour of God on you to
protect you from Satan and his angels. Spiritual warfare is real and will
only get worse for you the more you spiritually grow (mature as a
Christian) and try to serve Jesus. Let us pray as Paul did to be
ambassadors for Jesus and boldly proclaim him to all. (Ephesians 6:10-20
Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord, and in the power of his
might.
11 Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand against
the wiles of the devil.
12 For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities,
against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against
spiritual wickedness in high places.
13 Wherefore take unto you the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to
withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand.
14 Stand therefore, having your loins girt about with truth, and having on
the breastplate of righteousness;
15 And your feet shod with the preparation of the gospel of peace;
16 Above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to
quench all the fiery darts of the wicked.
17 And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is
the word of God:
18 Praying always with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit, and
watching thereunto with all perseverance and supplication for all saints;
19 And for me, that utterance may be given unto me, that I may open my
mouth boldly, to make known the mystery of the gospel,
20 For which I am an ambassador in bonds: that therein I may speak boldly,
as I ought to speak.) (I Thessalonians 5:8 But let us, who are of the day,
be sober, putting on the breastplate of faith and love; and for an helmet,
the hope of salvation.)

Get yourself a mature Christian to be your accountability partner.
You both need to pray for each other and try to keep each other from sin.
If one sees another sin, they need to point it out to the other, so they
can confess it and try to eliminate it from their lives. We do not
criticize them, but love them and have compassion on them as we will also
sin, though it may be a different sin. Let your accountability partner,
know what sins you struggle with and have them tell you theirs. This way
each of you can try and keep the other out of situations where they may be
vulnerable or susceptible to the sin they struggle with. Have others pray
for both of you as well.

Learn to forgive, if you want to grow as a Christian. If you do not
forgive others, Jesus will not forgive you. It is not always easy, but
must be done. (See above Matthew 6:14-15) If you do not forgive someone
for some wrong you feel was done to you, it will eat you alive. You will
not be able to sleep, eat, and it will affect your health. It will most
likely not even bother the other person and they will sleep well. God says
vengeance is his alone. Never try to get back at the person. God will
handle it in his timing, even if it is in the next life. (Life in heaven
or hell, not reincarnation which is false.) (Deuteronomy 32:35 To me
belongeth vengeance, and recompence; their foot shall slide in due time:
for the day of their calamity is at hand, and the things that shall come
upon them make haste.) (Psalm 94:1 O LORD God, to whom vengeance
belongeth; O God, to whom vengeance belongeth, shew thyself.) (Hebrews
10:30 For we know him that hath said, Vengeance belongeth unto me, I will
recompense, saith the Lord. And again, The Lord shall judge his people.)

A Christian wanting to grow must try to eliminate sin in their life
and change the way they think, act, live, the people they hang around, the
things they say and do, music they listen to, and organizations they
belong to. Avoid situations or people that are involved in the sins you
are trying to no longer commit. Examples include hanging around your old
"friends" that use drugs, hanging around bars or drinkers for those who
are trying to quit alcohol, porn shops for people with a problem with
pornography [destroy pornographic magazines, books, movies or any other
sinful magazines (rock and roll, et cetera), books, or movies], casinos
for gamblers, the routine that made you want to smoke, hanging around a
person you are sexually attracted to that might lead you to commit
adultery or what ever sin you need to avoid because it has a stronghold on
you. Growth as a Christian is not overnight, but takes time and is a daily
thing. One must work at it every day, so that strides made will not be
lost and the Christian backslides. Christians should not cuss (swear,
curse), use drugs, smoke (tobacco in any form or other drugs smoked),
vape, or drink alcohol. (Proverbs 20:1 Wine is a mocker, strong drink is
raging: and whosoever is deceived thereby is not wise.) A Christian is not
to be a stumbling block to the lost or weak Christians and lead them into
more sin. (See Romans 14:13 and I Corinthians 8:9) We are supposed to be
setting the examples for the lost and not living as carnal Christians do
(those living as the world does, with no noticeable difference showing
they are Christians). Also a Christian's body is a temple of the Holy
Ghost, so we are not to harm it with drugs, smoking, or alcohol. We also
need to try to eat healthy and get sleep, and dress modestly, especially
females. (I Timothy 2:9 In like manner also, that women adorn themselves
in modest apparel, with shamefacedness and sobriety; not with broided
hair, or gold, or pearls, or costly array;) (I Corinthians 3:16-17 Know ye
not that ye are the temple of God, and that the Spirit of God dwelleth in
you?
17 If any man defile the temple of God, him shall God destroy; for the
temple of God is holy, which temple ye are.) (I Corinthians 6:19-20 What?
know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in
you, which ye have of God, and ye are not your own?
20 For ye are bought with a price: therefore glorify God in your body, and
in your spirit, which are God's.) [A Christian is bought with the
tremendous price of the death of Jesus for us at Calvary.] Christians
should not have premarital sex and boyfriends and girlfriends should not
be living together until they are married. A Christian wanting to grow
must get out of the Roman Catholic Church or Mormon church or other cults
[Jehovah's Witnesses, et cetera] if they were saved while in them. If one
is a Free Mason, get out or any other ungodly organizations. This includes
the Boy Scouts and Girl Scouts as they support sodomy (homosexuality and
the LGBTQ [lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer] Pride community and
girls in Boy Scouts). (Do not fly, carry, or display the rainbow flag for
the LGBTQ Pride community.) Get out of this lifestyle if you are in it and
do not support it. You were not born this way, this is how you choose to
live. God calls it an abomination. (Leviticus 18:22 Thou shalt not lie
with mankind, as with womankind: it is abomination.) (Romans 1:24-27
Wherefore God also gave them up to uncleanness through the lusts of their
own hearts, to dishonour their own bodies between themselves:
25 Who changed the truth of God into a lie, and worshipped and served the
creature more than the Creator, who is blessed for ever. Amen.
26 For this cause God gave them up unto vile affections: for even their
women did change the natural use into that which is against nature:
27 And likewise also the men, leaving the natural use of the woman, burned
in their lust one toward another; men with men working that which is
unseemly, and receiving in themselves that recompence of their error which
was meet.) (Deuteronomy 22:5 ¶ The woman shall not wear that which
pertaineth unto a man, neither shall a man put on a woman's garment: for
all that do so are abomination unto the LORD thy God.) (I Corinthians 6:9
Know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God? Be
not deceived: neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor
effeminate, nor abusers of themselves with mankind,) Children can join the
Christian version for scouting in Trail Life USA for boys. They teach
Christian values. If there is not one in your nation, start one. If you
are a child in one of them, get out and if a parent with a child in one of
them, get them out. See links on these things of Satan. The following
things of Satan should be avoided and burned if one owns them: ouji
boards, magic cards, Harry Potter books and movies, and rock and roll
music, rap, (including so called "Christian" rock, "Christian" metal, and
"Christian" rap) [Deuteronomy 32:31 For their rock is not as our Rock,
even our enemies themselves being judges.] and mostly any other kinds as
well. Rock and rollers themselves have said the music comes from Satan.
These things are open doors to Satan. See links on these things. Harry
Potter is all about witchcraft (as are Sabrina the Teenage Witch, Wizard
of Oz, Bewitched and others) and there is no such thing as white and black
or good and evil witchcraft. It is all evil in God's eyes and is compared
to rebellion. (I Samuel 15:23a For rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft,
...) (Acts 19:19-20 Many of them also which used curious arts brought their
books together, and burned them before all men: and they counted the price
of them, and found it fifty thousand pieces of silver.
20 So mightily grew the word of God and prevailed.) One will never grow
with these or other sinful belongings in their lives. One should listen to
and sing hymns or other godly music. Godly music is an important part of a
worship service. See Hymns. A growing Christian should not celebrate Santa
Claus (he is Satan), the Easter bunny, Tooth Fairy, or the other false
things of the world. Satan tries to use days we celebrate for Jesus and
secularize them so Jesus is removed and forgotten. Also when children find
out they are not "real" then when they are told about Jesus, they will
doubt him as well. Say Merry Christmas, not Happy Holidays. Do not be
politically correct, Jesus was not. Political correctness is from Satan to
try and silence Jesus and anything associated with him. Christians should
not participate in the Satanic holiday of Halloween except to use it to
hand out tracts to people or in some other way to present trick or
treaters with the gospel. Do not dress up in costumes, especially witches,
devils, ghosts, elves, et cetera. Replace these sinful things with reading
your King James Bible, other good Christian books to learn and such things
as the magazine Voice of the Martyrs that tells of the persecution of our
Christian brothers and sisters. (Romans 12:1-2 I beseech you therefore,
brethren, by the mercies of God, that ye present your bodies a living
sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service.
2 And be not conformed to this world: but be ye transformed by the
renewing of your mind, that ye may prove what is that good, and
acceptable, and perfect, will of God.) (Romans 6:6-7 Knowing this, that
our old man is crucified with him, that the body of sin might be
destroyed, that henceforth we should not serve sin.
7 For he that is dead is freed from sin.) (Psalm 111:10 The fear of the
LORD is the beginning of wisdom: a good understanding have all they that
do his commandments: his praise endureth for ever.)

Christians should avoid most movies and television that comes out of
Hollywood. Most of Hollywood is anti-God and pushes views contrary to
scripture such as swearing, smoking, drinking, evolution, drugs, divorce,
premarital sex, adultery, yoga (part of Hinduism), talking to the dead,
atheism, polytheism (many gods), pantheism (all is god), witchcraft, the
many false religions, homosexuality, bestiality, murder, rebellion against
parents and authority, hating America, and anything that is against true
Christianity, including the promotion of Satan and rock and roll music. An
example is the Star Wars films which were produced to push Buddhism (the
Force is a part of Buddhism) on the United States of America and the West.
(George Lucas who produced these movies, is a Buddhist and admitted as
such that this was the case.) Another example is Disney which is said to
be a family oriented company, yet promotes homosexuality (including its
theme parks), witchcraft (including a Harry Potter addition in their theme
parks) [An example is Escape to Witch Mountain], bestiality (Beauty and
the Beast), and many other sins. A Christian's time and money can be
better spent on reading and studying scripture or witnessing or
fellowshipping with their fellow believers. Most of Hollywood also
supports the liberal agenda as well such as promoting the homosexual
agenda (LGBTQ Pride), anti-America, socialism, abortion (murder in all
cases), and other anti-God views. The same can be said of most music
studios out there which produce mostly anti-God music or push music
promoting views that go against scripture. Unfortunately, the United
States exports its sinful movies, television programs, and music around
the world to corrupt other nations.

Many "games and toys" should also be avoided by Christians such as
ouija boards, tarot cards, Magic:The Gathering cards, Dungeons and
Dragons, Pokémon (short for pocket monsters) [Scripture connects monsters
with evil. This game promotes the Eastern religions such as Hinduism,
Buddhism, and Shintoism and their beliefs such as reincarnation. Some of
the characters are their gods as worshipped in Japan.], and many other
things. These are all related to the occult and open the door to Satan and
devils. All of these things should be burned or destroyed in some way to
prevent them from being found and used by another person. (Acts 19:19 Many
of them also which used curious arts brought their books together, and
burned them before all men: and they counted the price of them, and found
it fifty thousand pieces of silver.) "Playing" with these things can lead
to possession by devils for the unsaved and influence from devils by the
saved. This also includes such things as palm readings, psychic readings,
crystal balls, communicating with the dead, astrology, and reading
horoscopes. (Deuteronomy 18:9-12 ¶ When thou art come into the land which
the LORD thy God giveth thee, thou shalt not learn to do after the
abominations of those nations.
10 There shall not be found among you any one that maketh his son or his
daughter to pass through the fire, or that useth divination, or an
observer of times, or an enchanter, or a witch,
11 Or a charmer, or a consulter with familiar spirits, or a wizard, or a
necromancer.
12 For all that do these things are an abomination unto the LORD: and
because of these abominations the LORD thy God doth drive them out from
before thee.)

Christians should not be getting divorced (rate is just as high among
professing Christians as the world. Also the saved spouse may eventually
lead the other to Jesus by their witness and example.) or having
abortions. Abortion is always murder, even if the child (which it is a
child in the womb, not a blob of tissue. If not a child, you are not
pregnant.) is from rape or incest, or the health of the mother is
endangered. God will let the mom and baby both live if that is his will.
It is never okay to murder one person (a child) to save another. Physician
assisted suicide is also murder and just a way for the government to
eliminate the elderly. No Christian should support any of these things or
organizations or politicians who support these things. (Matthew 18:6 But
whoso shall offend one of these little ones which believe in me, it were
better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and that he
were drowned in the depth of the sea.) See also Mark 9:42 and Luke 17:2.

When a Christian goes on vacation, they must not forget God and be on
vacation from being a Christian. One who is a Christian, is always a
Christian. One must bring their Holy Bible or at least have it on their
phone or somewhere or read the King James Bible placed in the motel/hotel
by the Gideons and still read it every day. (Beware, some of the Gideons
bibles are New King James Version and not Holy Bibles [King James Bibles])
Make sure you still pray every day and make sure you pray for your travels
and safety. Bring tracts with you and witness to people that you meet.
Vacation is the time that you often meet people from different nations and
cultures getting a rare opportunity to reach these people with the gospel.
If at all possible, attend a godly Biblical church to allow you to
continue to worship and fellowship while you are gone. Make sure you still
give your tithes and offerings to the church you attend when you get back.
This also applies to any time you miss any Sunday due to illness, weather
or other reason. Do not rob God of what is due him simply because you are
on vacation or miss a Sunday.

Another area to grow is in tithing and supporting missions. One
should make sure they give tithes (10% of one's gross income) to their
church. (Leviticus 27:32 And concerning the tithe of the herd, or of the
flock, even of whatsoever passeth under the rod, the tenth shall be holy
unto the LORD.) We are to tithe on everything we own. (Genesis 14:20 And
blessed be the most high God, which hath delivered thine enemies into thy
hand. And he gave him tithes of all.) Any given above the 10% is
offerings. God commands this. (Malachi 3:8-10 ¶ Will a man rob God? Yet ye
have robbed me. But ye say, Wherein have we robbed thee? In tithes and
offerings.
9 Ye are cursed with a curse: for ye have robbed me, even this whole
nation.
10 Bring ye all the tithes into the storehouse, that there may be meat in
mine house, and prove me now herewith, saith the LORD of hosts, if I will
not open you the windows of heaven, and pour you out a blessing, that
there shall not be room enough to receive it.) God was not just referring
to Israel here. God commands and will bless all those who tithe, even if
they think they cannot afford it. God blessed Abraham who gave tithes to
Melchizedek (Genesis 14:20 And blessed be the most high God, which hath
delivered thine enemies into thy hand. And he gave him tithes of all.) and
the widow woman who gave all she had (two mites). She cared more about God
than herself, as we all should. (Mark 12:42 And there came a certain poor
widow, and she threw in two mites, which make a farthing.) (Luke 21:2 And
he saw also a certain poor widow casting in thither two mites.) (II
Corinthians 9:6 But this I say, He which soweth sparingly shall reap also
sparingly; and he which soweth bountifully shall reap also bountifully.)
You cannot out give God. He will bless you far more than if you kept the
money for yourself thinking you cannot afford it. If you give a little,
God will give you little. The more you give, the more God will reward you.
He will give you your money back in some form if done willingly and not
grudgingly or in hopes of getting rich. If you can afford it, support
missionaries who are doing God's work as well as Godly ministries. Make
sure the money is not being misused by missionaries or ministries. Not all
are "true Christians". Avoid them. If you do it with a giving and loving
heart willingly and not out of guilt, god will reward you in heaven. (II
Corinthians 9:7 Every man according as he purposeth in his heart, so let
him give; not grudgingly, or of necessity: for God loveth a cheerful
giver.) Your money and prayers will help lead others to Jesus Christ. If
one cannot afford monetary support, one can always pray. All true
Christians can pray. The Holy Ghost knows what we want to pray for even
before we ask and will teach us. (Romans 8:26-28 Likewise the Spirit also
helpeth our infirmities: for we know not what we should pray for as we
ought: but the Spirit itself maketh intercession for us with groanings
which cannot be uttered.
27 And he that searcheth the hearts knoweth what is the mind of the
Spirit, because he maketh intercession for the saints according to the
will of God.
28 And we know that all things work together for good to them that love
God, to them who are the called according to his purpose.)

To grow, you need to love and honor Israel and the Jewish people. God
commands it. They are God's chosen people. Do not make jokes about them.
Just because they are God's chosen people does not mean they get
automatically into heaven. They still need to be saved as everyone else
(Gentiles) and in the same way by receiving Jesus as their Saviour. That
does not mean we have to agree with all they stand for, but we must
support them and their right to exist, defend themselves, and have
Jerusalem as their capital as that is where God ordained as their capital
and realize that the land they live on along with all the surrounding land
now controlled by the Muslims actually belongs to Israel and will be
theirs during the Millennium. God gave them that land and set their
boundaries in scripture. They are the only nation that God has
specifically given their land to and acknowledged their right to exist.
(Exodus 23:31 And I will set thy bounds from the Red sea even unto the sea
of the Philistines, and from the desert unto the river: for I will deliver
the inhabitants of the land into your hand; and thou shalt drive them out
before thee.) (Ezekiel 47:13-21 ¶ Thus saith the Lord GOD; This shall be
the border, whereby ye shall inherit the land according to the twelve
tribes of Israel: Joseph shall have two portions. [Ephraim and Manasseh]
14 And ye shall inherit it, one as well as another: concerning the which I
lifted up mine hand to give it unto your fathers: and this land shall fall
unto you for inheritance.
15 And this shall be the border of the land toward the north side, from
the great sea [Mediterranean sea], the way of Hethlon, as men go to Zedad;
16 Hamath, Berothah, Sibraim, which is between the border of Damascus and
the border of Hamath; Hazar-hatticon, which is by the coast of Hauran.
17 And the border from the sea shall be Hazar-enan, the border of
Damascus, and the north northward, and the border of Hamath. And this is
the north side.
18 And the east side ye shall measure from Hauran, and from Damascus, and
from Gilead, and from the land of Israel by Jordan, from the border unto
the east sea. And this is the east side.
19 And the south side southward, from Tamar even to the waters of strife
in Kadesh, the river to the great sea. And this is the south side
southward.
20 The west side also shall be the great sea from the border, till a man
come over against Hamath. This is the west side.
21 So shall ye divide this land unto you according to the tribes of
Israel.) (Genesis 15:18 In the same day the LORD made a covenant with
Abram, saying, Unto thy seed have I given this land, from the river of
Egypt unto the great river, the river Euphrates:) Christian's need to
realize that Jesus himself was a Jew as well as all of the writers and
prophets in scripture. We also have the Jews to thank for us having the
scriptures, not only writing them, but also preserving them for us today.
Never join or support the boycotts against Israel or fight against them.
God said if we bless Israel, he will bless us and if we curse Israel, he
will curse us. (Genesis 12:3 And I will bless them that bless thee, and
curse him that curseth thee: and in thee shall all families of the earth
be blessed.) Spread the gospel to the Jews. Tell them of their Messiah
(Jesus Christ). Pray for the peace of Jerusalem. (Psalm 122:6 Pray for the
peace of Jerusalem: they shall prosper that love thee.)

As I mentioned above, we need to pray for our brothers and sisters in
Christ. We need to love our brothers and sisters in Christ. We need to
have empathy and hurt with them when they suffer and rejoice with them
when they rejoice. If one commits sin, we need to pray for them to get out
of this sin, not rejoice over their sin. The true church is one body made
up of many believers from around the world, so we need to support them,
pray for them, and suffer with them. (I Corinthians 12:12-13 For as the
body is one, and hath many members, and all the members of that one body,
being many, are one body: so also is Christ.
13 For by one Spirit are we all baptized into one body, whether we be Jews
or Gentiles, whether we be bond or free; and have been all made to drink
into one Spirit.) Do not be jealous of a brother or sister in Christ for
their success in serving the Lord. Rejoice for them. Pray for Christians
in bonds (because of stand for Jesus, not sin, except that they get out of
that sin) and for those being persecuted for preaching or standing up for
Jesus. (Hebrews 13:3 Remember them that are in bonds, as bound with them;
and them which suffer adversity, as being yourselves also in the body.)
Pray for those in persecuted nations to have the courage and boldness to
preach the gospel and stay in the fight. Pray they will win many souls for
Jesus. Again as mentioned above, read the stories of persecuted Christians
from such places as Voice of the Martyrs or other places. Often times,
attempts are made to hide and deny the persecution of Christians by the
media and governments.

Be thankful for all that you have and all that happens in your life.
Do not covet what someone else has. (Deuteronomy 5:21 Neither shalt thou
desire thy neighbour's wife, neither shalt thou covet thy neighbour's
house, his field, or his manservant, or his maidservant, his ox, or his
ass, or any thing that is thy neighbour's.) God always is right and makes
no mistakes. I know it is hard to be thankful for the death or illness of
a loved one or pet or the ill health of yourself, the loss of a job, being
imprisoned for Jesus or other situations, but God commands us to be. If we
pray, God will comfort us during these times. When a saved love one dies,
we know we will see them again in glory. (heaven) Praise God if you are
persecuted for his sake, even though it is hard. Remember there is usually
always someone having it worse than you. Be like the example of Job.
Praise God and do not be like his wife and curse him. Do not lose your
testimony at this time. People are and will watch you as you go through
trials and tribulations. (Psalm 107:1 O give thanks unto the LORD, for he
is good: for his mercy endureth for ever.) (I Thessalonians 5:18 In every
thing give thanks: for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus concerning
you.) (II Timothy 3:12 Yea, and all that will live godly in Christ Jesus
shall suffer persecution.)

One can start their own ministry or website to help spread the gospel
as I have done with this website and ministry or make YouTube videos. Gail
Riplinger and another man she knows answers the solicitors when they call
and starts giving them the gospel before they get a chance to speak. Gail
and the other man also make random phone calls in the phonebook and when
they answer, they just start giving the gospel without giving the person a
chance to talk. Many will listen because they feel it is rude to hang up.
They have led many to the Lord this way. Gail even led a man and his crew
over in India. Praise God for people like them. One can start a tract
ministry as I have. Everyone can place tracts in areas, even if they are
too shy to give them to people. Many good churches will have tracts at the
church that the people can take and hand out. If you can afford your own,
that is even better. I would recommend Chick tracts or at least one using
King James Bible verses. Chick tracts are small comic book stories that
present the gospel. They have great art and stories and I know many people
who will take and read one of them, when they would not read a regular
tract. They come in many languages. Tracts can be placed almost anyway
such as in public bathrooms, on fuel pumps, on shelves in stores or inside
items such as shoe boxes, inside books [library or store] especially ones
related to the tract such as Harry Potter books and also in non King James
Bible versions or in King James Bibles, left on public transportation,
mailed with your bills, in dressing rooms, around school, at laundromats,
handed to cashiers, or left with your tip at a restaurant. One Chick tract
user mails a tract with a response card if they get saved to random
addresses all over the nation. He has had replies from 18,000 people
saying they got saved after reading the tract. Praise God. The
possibilities are endless. Your imagination is the only limit. Some
websites for King James Bible tracts are chick.com,
http://baptisttracts.org/, http://libertygospeltracts.com/, and
http://store.kjv1611.org/sale/. There are other places to buy tracts using
the King James Bible. You can also support missionaries who use Chick
Tracts by sending a check to the Chick Missions Fund from Chick
Publications. They use the money to send Chick Tracts for free to the
missionaries asking for them. People around the world love to read them
and it allows you to support reaching and winning souls in nations you
will never have the opportunity to go to. The Holy Ghost will help you
start a ministry if that is your calling or you can try and join one that
already exists. Besides starting a ministry, one should try to go on
mission trips. If you cannot afford to go, try and raise money, or some
local churches will pay for you to go [either all of it or partial
payment]. Always make it your main point while on a mission trip to tell
others about Jesus. Witnessing should be the main point of the trip with
the secondary purpose of assisting the locals. Tracts and Holy Bibles
(King James Bibles) are great things to bring along to pass out to the
people you are witnessing to. If called into the ministry fulltime as a
preacher or otherwise, praise God and obey. The harvest is plenty, but few
to serve God. (Matthew 9:37-38 Then saith he unto his disciples, The
harvest truly is plenteous, but the labourers are few;
38 Pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest, that he will send forth
labourers into his harvest.)

The Holy Ghost gives a true born again believer at least one
spiritual gift when they are saved. As a new Christian, you will have to
pray and ask the Holy Ghost what yours is (are). Different gifts are given
to different Christians. Some may have more than one. Often the more you
grow and show you use and can handle the first gift the Holy Ghost gave
you, then you may get more gifts. No one Christian has all gifts and that
is why the church is a body of all true Christians who must work together
just as you need all parts of your physical body to function properly. No
one part or Christian is more important than another. One should always
use the gifts and talents to serve God and not for their purpose just to
get rich or fame or other reason. If your gift is music, sing for the
Lord, write music for the Lord or whatever other way you can use what God
has given to you to glorify him. This applies to any gift you have. They
should be used to win souls and serve their fellow Christians. Some gifts
are listed in Romans 12 and I Corinthians 12. Other gifts are listed in
other places. (Romans 12:4-8 For as we have many members in one body, and
all members have not the same office:
5 So we, being many, are one body in Christ, and every one members one of
another.
6 Having then gifts differing according to the grace that is given to us,
whether prophecy, let us prophesy according to the proportion of faith;
7 Or ministry, let us wait on our ministering: or he that teacheth, on
teaching;
8 Or he that exhorteth, on exhortation: he that giveth, let him do it with
simplicity; he that ruleth, with diligence; he that sheweth mercy, with
cheerfulness.) (I Corinthians 12:1-31 Now concerning spiritual gifts,
brethren, I would not have you ignorant.
2 Ye know that ye were Gentiles, carried away unto these dumb idols, even
as ye were led.
3 Wherefore I give you to understand, that no man speaking by the Spirit
of God calleth Jesus accursed: and that no man can say that Jesus is the
Lord, but by the Holy Ghost.
4 Now there are diversities of gifts, but the same Spirit.
5 And there are differences of administrations, but the same Lord.
6 And there are diversities of operations, but it is the same God which
worketh all in all.
7 But the manifestation of the Spirit is given to every man to profit
withal.
8 For to one is given by the Spirit the word of wisdom; to another the
word of knowledge by the same Spirit;
9 To another faith by the same Spirit; to another the gifts of healing by
the same Spirit;
10 To another the working of miracles; to another prophecy; to another
discerning of spirits; to another divers kinds of tongues; to another the
interpretation of tongues:
11 But all these worketh that one and the selfsame Spirit, dividing to
every man severally as he will.
12 For as the body is one, and hath many members, and all the members of
that one body, being many, are one body: so also is Christ.
13 For by one Spirit are we all baptized into one body, whether we be Jews
or Gentiles, whether we be bond or free; and have been all made to drink
into one Spirit.
14 For the body is not one member, but many.
15 If the foot shall say, Because I am not the hand, I am not of the body;
is it therefore not of the body?
16 And if the ear shall say, Because I am not the eye, I am not of the
body; is it therefore not of the body?
17 If the whole body were an eye, where were the hearing? If the whole
were hearing, where were the smelling?
18 But now hath God set the members every one of them in the body, as it
hath pleased him.
19 And if they were all one member, where were the body?
20 But now are they many members, yet but one body.
21 And the eye cannot say unto the hand, I have no need of thee: nor again
the head to the feet, I have no need of you.
22 Nay, much more those members of the body, which seem to be more feeble,
are necessary:
23 And those members of the body, which we think to be less honourable,
upon these we bestow more abundant honour; and our uncomely parts have
more abundant comeliness.
24 For our comely parts have no need: but God hath tempered the body
together, having given more abundant honour to that part which lacked:
25 That there should be no schism in the body; but that the members should
have the same care one for another.
26 And whether one member suffer, all the members suffer with it; or one
member be honoured, all the members rejoice with it.
27 Now ye are the body of Christ, and members in particular.
28 And God hath set some in the church, first apostles, secondarily
prophets, thirdly teachers, after that miracles, then gifts of healings,
helps, governments, diversities of tongues.
29 Are all apostles? are all prophets? are all teachers? are all workers
of miracles?
30 Have all the gifts of healing? do all speak with tongues? do all
interpret?
31 But covet earnestly the best gifts: and yet shew I unto you a more
excellent way.) I do believe that gifts and talents are not exactly the
same. One can be talented in sports and that talent comes from God, but
they may not be a Christian (saved). One who is a Christian, should use
that talent for the Lord. I do believe that it may be possible that if a
Christian does not use the gift or gifts given to them by the Holy Ghost
at the time they are saved, that they do not lose their gift or gifts, but
that they may become ineffective.

Make Jesus Lord of your life and pray before making decisions and
always put Jesus first. Not all Christians have Jesus as their Lord, in
fact most do not. (Luke 6:46-49 ¶ And why call ye me, Lord, Lord, and do
not the things which I say?
47 Whosoever cometh to me, and heareth my sayings, and doeth them, I will
shew you to whom he is like:
48 He is like a man which built an house, and digged deep, and laid the
foundation on a rock: and when the flood arose, the stream beat vehemently
upon that house, and could not shake it: for it was founded upon a rock.
49 But he that heareth, and doeth not, is like a man that without a
foundation built an house upon the earth; against which the stream did
beat vehemently, and immediately it fell; and the ruin of that house was
great.)

To Grow, a Christian must keep their faith and do not doubt it.
Believe God's word is true. Do not lose faith when college professors try
to tell you the Holy Bible is wrong and evolution, not creation is true.
Hold strong in your faith when people tell you the King James Bible is
wrong and one of the false bibles is true and that none of the versions
are the word of God and have been fully preserved and that only the
originals were inspired, not the King James Bible which was inspired. Do
not lose the faith when they tell you that their was no global flood or
other things in scripture are wrong. Do not lose faith when persecuted.
(Matthew 5:10 Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness'
sake: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.) God is always in control and
if you stay in his word using a King James Bible and do the things
mentioned on this page, you will not lose your faith. No matter what you
do for God, without faith you cannot and will not please him. Having faith
is the only way to please God. (Hebrews 11:6 But without faith it is
impossible to please him: for he that cometh to God must believe that he
is, and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him.) (Hebrews
11:1 Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of
things not seen.) [II Corinthians 5:7 (For we walk by faith, not by
sight:)]

Growing as a Christian is not always easy. It takes dedication and
you need to work at it every day. One is to pick up their cross daily.
This is not a literal cross, just that we need to work on not sinning each
day and when we do to confess them and not deny our Saviour or be ashamed
of him. (Luke 9:23 ¶ And he said to them all, If any man will come after
me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross daily, and follow me.)
(Luke 14:27 And whosoever doth not bear his cross, and come after me,
cannot be my disciple.) Note that change is not and will not be
instantaneous for most sins. Some changes should occur immediately when
you are saved. One should be convicted of a sin they have always done if
they commit it now that they are saved. Growth and change should continue
over a lifetime, but try to strive for perfection and no sin in your life
as soon as you can [one will never be perfect and without sin which is why
we need to be saved, but we should still try to be as much as we can.)
When one gets saved, life does not get perfect. In fact the more you try
to serve the Lord, Satan will attack you more. We should thank God for
that as it means we are pleasing God and making Satan angry. Spiritual
growth as a Christian has three main stages of growth. See I John 2 (read
entire chapter which has three stages, little children, young men, and
fathers). When one is saved that is called salvation or some say
redemption or justification. All true believers are saints in God's eyes,
unlike in the Roman Catholic Church were only certain individuals are made
saints and only after they die. The process of growing as a Christian is
known as sanctification and when we get to heaven and get our new
glorified bodies and no more sin in us, that is known as glorification.
Old people can be babes in Christ and young children can be mature in
Christ, so physical age does not determine how much you have grown as a
Christian since you were saved. (I Corinthians 5:7 Purge out therefore the
old leaven, that ye may be a new lump, as ye are unleavened. For even
Christ our passover is sacrificed for us:) [leaven represents sin, which
we need to remove in order to grow spiritually] Galatians 5:19-21 lists
many sins which are of the flesh and will prevent spiritual growth. For
true growth, one needs to bring forth the nine fruits of the Spirit listed
in Galatians 5:22-23 (Galations 5:22-25 But the fruit of the Spirit is
love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith,
23 Meekness, temperance: against such there is no law.
24 And they that are Christ's have crucified the flesh with the affections
and lusts.
25 If we live in the Spirit, let us also walk in the Spirit.) Ask
spiritually mature Christians to pray for you as you strive to spiritually
grow. Never stop or give up on striving to grow. Do not be discouraged.
You will have your good days and bad days. I still sin everyday and have
done many things I am not proud of, but God can still use one who truly is
seeking God to rule their lives and confesses their sins and strives to
serve God. If you have read here to the end, you probably truly do want to
spiritually grow as a Christian and I believe God will help you achieve
that. Congratulations. As you grow as a Christian and witness to others
about Jesus, you will suffer persecution. Do not fear and do not stop
trying to grow. Thank God for the persecution as God said it would come
and ye would be blessed. You are being persecuted because people see Jesus
in you and hate God who you represent and not you. (II Timothy 3:12 Yea,
and all that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution.)
Jesus said in (Luke 6:22 Blessed are ye, when men shall hate you, and when
they shall separate you from their company, and shall reproach you, and
cast out your name as evil, for the Son of man's sake.) (John 15:18 If the
world hate you, ye know that it hated me before it hated you.)

One final word for those who want to grow. If one refuses to grow and
stay in their sins, God will sometimes take that individual home to him
early. They will not lose their salvation if they are truly saved, but
will have an early death. This is known as a sin unto death. We are not to
pray for these people. (I John 5:16-17 If any man see his brother sin a
sin which is not unto death, he shall ask, and he shall give him life for
them that sin not unto death. There is a sin unto death: I do not say that
he shall pray for it.
17 All unrighteousness is sin: and there is a sin not unto death.) Two
examples in scripture is the early death of Moses who was not allowed to
go into the Promised Land because he smote (struck) the rock instead of
speaking to it as commanded by God. (Numbers 20:7-13 ¶ And the LORD spake
unto Moses, saying,
8 Take the rod, and gather thou the assembly together, thou, and Aaron thy
brother, and speak ye unto the rock before their eyes; and it shall give
forth his water, and thou shalt bring forth to them water out of the rock:
so thou shalt give the congregation and their beasts drink.
9 And Moses took the rod from before the LORD, as he commanded him.
10 And Moses and Aaron gathered the congregation together before the rock,
and he said unto them, Hear now, ye rebels; must we fetch you water out of
this rock?
11 And Moses lifted up his hand, and with his rod he smote the rock twice:
and the water came out abundantly, and the congregation drank, and their
beasts also.

12 ¶ And the LORD spake unto Moses and Aaron, Because ye believed me not,
to sanctify me in the eyes of the children of Israel, therefore ye shall
not bring this congregation into the land which I have given them.
13 This is the water of Meribah; because the children of Israel strove
with the LORD, and he was sanctified in them.) This Rock was Jesus. (I
Corinthians 10:4 And did all drink the same spiritual drink: for they
drank of that spiritual Rock that followed them: and that Rock was
Christ.) The first time the people murmured and cried for water, Moses was
told to smite the rock. This was a type or symbol of the first coming of
Jesus as a beaten, scorned, and despised Saviour. Moses was told to speak
to the rock the second time as this was a type of the second coming of
Jesus in all his might and glory as King of kings and Lord of lords. Moses
destroyed this type for the Israelites as well as disobeyed God and smote
the Rock of Jesus. He smote our Saviour and therefore God took his life
early. Another example is seen in the New Testament where Ananias and his
wife Sapphira lied to the Holy Ghost. (Acts 5:1-11 But a certain man named
Ananias, with Sapphira his wife, sold a possession,
2 And kept back part of the price, his wife also being privy to it, and
brought a certain part, and laid it at the apostles' feet.
3 But Peter said, Ananias, why hath Satan filled thine heart to lie to the
Holy Ghost, and to keep back part of the price of the land?
4 Whiles it remained, was it not thine own? and after it was sold, was it
not in thine own power? why hast thou conceived this thing in thine heart?
thou hast not lied unto men, but unto God.
5 And Ananias hearing these words fell down, and gave up the ghost: and
great fear came on all them that heard these things.
6 And the young men arose, wound him up, and carried him out, and buried
him.
7 And it was about the space of three hours after, when his wife, not
knowing what was done, came in.
8 And Peter answered unto her, Tell me whether ye sold the land for so
much? And she said, Yea, for so much.
9 Then Peter said unto her, How is it that ye have agreed together to
tempt the Spirit of the Lord? behold, the feet of them which have buried
thy husband are at the door, and shall carry thee out.
10 Then fell she down straightway at his feet, and yielded up the ghost:
and the young men came in, and found her dead, and, carrying her forth,
buried her by her husband.
11 And great fear came upon all the church, and upon as many as heard
these things.) It was not required that they had to give all the money to
the apostles, but they lied about the money they kept back and said they
gave it all. This was early in the growth of the church and in order for
the church to grow, God could not tolerate lying to the Holy Ghost.
Therefore they remained saved, but had an early death.

"Those who fear only God are a terror to the interests and kingdoms of
darkness." (Quote by Richard Wurmbrand, a Romanian pastor who spent many
years in a communist prison in Romania for preaching Jesus and later
founded Voice of the Martyrs, a ministry to help persecuted Christians.
His story can be read in his book Tortured for Christ published and found
at Voice of the Martyrs website persecution.com.) He was saying if we fear
committing sin before God more than anything else, we have no need to fear
man. Man and Satan can only do what God allows them to do to a Christian.
See the book of Job. Let us all grow (including me) to be like those who
are willing to die for Jesus.

A good book for a growing Christian is The Next Step for Growing
Christians by Jack Chick, published by Chick Publications and available at
their website www.chick.com. 

Search for: _____________________  [ Search ]

Recent Comments

Archives

Categories

• No categories

Meta

• Log in
• Entries feed
• Comments feed
• WordPress.org

Created my free logo at LogoMakr.com

Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Copyright (c) 2024 Jesus is God and Lord Ministries | Credits
Powered by Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

