Link: profile
Link: dns-prefetch
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Feed (alternate)
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Comments Feed (alternate)
Link: preconnect
Link: preconnect
Link: https://api.w.org/
Link: alternate
Link: RSD (EditURI)
Link: canonical
Link: shortlink
Link: alternate
Link: alternate
Skip to content
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Ye Must Be Born Again

Main Menu

• HOME
• STORE
• ABOUT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD MINISTRIES
• BELIEFS
• CONTACT
• KING JAMES BIBLE TO READ AND LISTEN TO
• KING JAMES BIBLE WORDS AND PHRASES DEFINED
• WHY WE MUST BE BORN AGAIN
• WHAT MUST I DO TO BE SAVED (BE BORN AGAIN), HAVE ETERNAL LIFE AND GO
TO HEAVEN?
• NOW THAT I AM A BORN AGAIN CHRISTIAN, HOW DO I GROW (MATURE)?
• PROOF THAT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD
• SERMONS AND SCRIPTURE LESSONSMenu Toggle

• 3:16 Verses
• Abraham the obedient father and type of God the Father
• According to the word of the LORD
• Alleged Contradictions in Scripture
• Angels and spiritual beings
• Animals Teaching Man  
• Be like Jesus
• Be Thankful
• Bread in Scripture
• Christian Martyrs for Jesus
• Colors in Scripture
• Curse Israel and you will be cursed
• Dangers of Calvinism
• Deadliest battles in scripture
• Deserts in scripture and in our lives
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism
• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freedom and Liberty come from God
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise
• From the resurrection to the ascension
• Genealogies of Jesus
• Gifts of the Holy Ghost
• God is Light
• God is Love
• God the Holy Ghost
• Halloween and the connection to Satan
• Honour Thy Mother
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus is the door that all must enter for everlasting life
• Jesus is the Light of the World and Christians Should Reflect
that Light
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jesus versus Mohammad
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Jonah
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Jude
• Malachi   
• Martyrs in the Lord's Army
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Nahum
• Nehemiah 3 and the ten gates of the Jerusalem wall
• Obadiah
• Our Nation Was Founded Upon God
• Philemon
• Prayer
• Pre-incarnate Appearances of Jesus (Theophanies)
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Proof that Jesus is God
• Prophecies Fulfilled by Jesus at his First Coming
• Prophecies of the Second Coming of Jesus
• Psalm 23
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines
• Santa is Satan and his little elves are devils
• Serve in the Lord's Army
• Seven Vial Judgments of Revelation
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  
• Star of Bethlehem
• Thankful people in scripture  
• The Battle of Gog and Magog
• The Books of God
• The Crucifixion of Jesus
• The Egyptian gods and goddesses of the ten plagues and their
judgment and defeat by the God of gods
• The Exodus   
• The Good Samaritan
• The Gospel in Stone
• The Gospel in the Stars
• The Greatest Father Anyone Can Have And Everyone Needs
• The Handwriting of God
• The Illegal Trial of Jesus
• The King James Bible Built-in Dictionary
• The Miracles at the Crucifixion of Jesus
• The New Year's resolutions that need to be kept
• The Number Seven in Scripture
• The Number Three in Scripture  
• The Riotous Son
• The True Creationism of the Scriptures versus False Theories
• The Unscriptural Flat Earth Theory
• The Unscriptural Lucifer Flood  
• The Widow Woman and the Oil  
• The Word Became Flesh
• Types of the Holy Ghost in scripture
• Was Jesus born on Christmas?
• Was Jesus Crucified on Friday?
• Water in Scripture
• Weather in scripture
• Who are the sons of God of Genesis 6?
• Work is from God
• Worshipping God in psalms, hymns, and spiritual songs
• Zephaniah

• VIDEOS
• HYMNS
• FOR PRECIOUS JEWISH SOULSMenu Toggle

• Meet the Jewish Messiah
• False Religion of Judaism
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  

• FOR PRECIOUS ROMAN CATHOLIC SOULSMenu Toggle

• False Doctrines of Roman Catholicism
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• CULTSMenu Toggle

• Roman CatholicismMenu Toggle

• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism

• FALSE RELIGIONSMenu Toggle

• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise

• RECOMMENDED BOOKS FOR READING
• LINKS
• CHECKOUT
• New items are available in the store for purchase.

0

Prophecies Fulfilled by Jesus at his First Coming

It is estimated there are over 300 prophecies (some say 365)
fulfilled by Jesus at his first coming. We will discuss a small select
amount and show that only Jesus could fulfill the role and be the Jewish
Messiah. It also shows he is God.

The first prophecy mentioned in scripture of Jesus's first coming is
in Genesis 3:15. It shows he would be of the seed of the woman. Normally
the man provides the seed.

Isaiah 53 is known as the Messianic prophecy chapter and is not read
by the Jews since they know it refers to Jesus. Isaiah 52:13-15 should be
read with that chapter. Psalm 22 is known as the Messianic Psalm.

Over three times as many prophecies will be fulfilled at the second
coming of Jesus, which will be soon. We know Jesus literally fulfilled all
of the prophecies of his first coming, therefore we can have comfort
knowing that Jesus will literally fulfill all of the prophecies of his
second coming.

(Many have other verses that also predict and/or fulfill the prophecies.)

Seed of a woman: (Genesis 3:15 And I will put enmity between thee and the
woman, and between thy seed and her seed; it shall bruise thy head, and
thou shalt bruise his heel.) Fulfilled: (Galatians 4:4 But when the
fulness of the time was come, God sent forth his Son, made of a woman,
made under the law,)

From the tribe of Judah: (Genesis 49:10 The sceptre shall not depart from
Judah, nor a lawgiver from between his feet, until Shiloh come; and unto
him shall the gathering of the people be.) Fulfilled: Genealogy of Jesus
(Luke 3:33 Which was the son of Aminadab, which was the son of Aram, which
was the son of Esrom, which was the son of Phares, which was the son of
Juda,)

Born in Bethlehem: (Micah 5:2 But thou, Beth-lehem Ephratah, though thou
be little among the thousands of Judah, yet out of thee shall he come
forth unto me that is to be ruler in Israel; whose goings forth have been
from of old, from everlasting.) Fulfilled: (Luke 2:4 And Joseph also went
up from Galilee, out of the city of Nazareth, into Judaea, unto the city
of David, which is called Bethlehem; (because he was of the house and
lineage of David:) (Luke 2:7 And she brought forth her firstborn son, and
wrapped him in swaddling clothes, and laid him in a manger; because there
was no room for them in the inn.)

Be born of a virgin: (Isaiah 7:14 Therefore the Lord himself shall give
you a sign; Behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son, and shall
call his name Immanuel.) Fulfilled: (Luke 1:27 To a virgin espoused to a
man whose name was Joseph, of the house of David; and the virgin's name
was Mary.) (Luke 1:31 And, behold, thou shalt conceive in thy womb, and
bring forth a son, and shalt call his name JESUS.)

Jesus will be declared the Son of God: (Psalm 2:7 I will declare the
decree: the LORD hath said unto me, Thou art my Son; this day have I
begotten thee.) Fulfilled: (Matthew 3:17 And lo a voice from heaven,
saying, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.)

Jesus would be the Prophet like unto Moses: Moses talking to the people.
(Deuteronomy 18:15 ¶ The LORD thy God will raise up unto thee a Prophet
from the midst of thee, of thy brethren, like unto me; unto him ye shall
hearken;) Fulfilled: (Acts 3:20 And he shall send Jesus Christ, which
before was preached unto you:) (Acts 3:22 For Moses truly said unto the
fathers, A prophet shall the Lord your God raise up unto you of your
brethren, like unto me; him shall ye hear in all things whatsoever he
shall say unto you.)

Jesus would speak in parables: (Psalm 78:2 I will open my mouth in a
parable: I will utter dark sayings of old:) (Matthew 13:34 All these
things spake Jesus unto the multitude in parables; and without a parable
spake he not unto them:)

Priest after the order of Melchizedek: (Psalm 110:4 The LORD hath sworn,
and will not repent, Thou art a priest for ever after the order of
Melchizedek.) Fulfilled: (Hebrews 7:21-22 (For those priests were made
without an oath; but this with an oath by him that said unto him, The Lord
sware and will not repent, Thou art a priest for ever after the order of
Melchisedec:)
22 By so much was Jesus made a surety of a better testament.)

Betrayed by a close friend: This speaks of Judas Iscariot. (Psalm 41:9
Yea, mine own familiar friend, in whom I trusted, which did eat of my
bread, hath lifted up his heel against me.) Fulfilled: (Matthew 26:47-50 ¶
And while he yet spake, lo, Judas, one of the twelve, came, and with him a
great multitude with swords and staves, from the chief priests and elders
of the people.
48 Now he that betrayed him gave them a sign, saying, Whomsoever I shall
kiss, that same is he: hold him fast.
49 And forthwith he came to Jesus, and said, Hail, master; and kissed him.
50 And Jesus said unto him, Friend, wherefore art thou come? Then came
they, and laid hands on Jesus, and took him.)

Betrayed for thirty pieces of silver: (Zechariah 11:12 And I said unto
them, If ye think good, give me my price; and if not, forbear. So they
weighed for my price thirty pieces of silver.) Fulfilled: Speaking of
Judas Iscariot. (Matthew 26:15 And said unto them, What will ye give me,
and I will deliver him unto you? And they covenanted with him for thirty
pieces of silver.)

Jesus was silent to accusations: (Isaiah 53:7 He was oppressed, and he was
afflicted, yet he opened not his mouth: he is brought as a lamb to the
slaughter, and as a sheep before her shearers is dumb, so he openeth not
his mouth.) (Mark 15:4-5 And Pilate asked him again, saying, Answerest
thou nothing? behold how many things they witness against thee.
5 But Jesus yet answered nothing; so that Pilate marvelled.)

Hated without a cause: (Psalm 35:19 Let not them that are mine enemies
wrongfully rejoice over me: neither let them wink with the eye that hate
me without a cause.) Fulfilled: Jesus speaking. (John 15:24-25 If I had
not done among them the works which none other man did, they had not had
sin: but now have they both seen and hated both me and my Father.
25 But this cometh to pass, that the word might be fulfilled that is
written in their law, They hated me without a cause.)

No bones broken: (Psalm 34:20 He keepeth all his bones: not one of them is
broken.) Fulfilled: (John 19:32 But when they came to Jesus, and saw that
he was dead already, they brake not his legs:) (John 19:36 For these
things were done, that the scripture should be fulfilled, A bone of him
shall not be broken.)

His side pierced: (Zechariah 12:10 And I will pour upon the house of
David, and upon the inhabitants of Jerusalem, the spirit of grace and of
supplications: and they shall look upon me whom they have pierced, and
they shall mourn for him, as one mourneth for his only son, and shall be
in bitterness for him, as one that is in bitterness for his firstborn.)
Fulfilled: (John 19:34 But one of the soldiers with a spear pierced his
side, and forthwith came there out blood and water.)

Buried with the rich: (Isaiah 53:9 And he made his grave with the wicked,
and with the rich in his death; because he had done no violence, neither
was any deceit in his mouth.) Fulfilled: (Matthew 27:57-60 When the even
was come, there came a rich man of Arimathaea, named Joseph, who also
himself was Jesus' disciple:
58 He went to Pilate, and begged the body of Jesus. Then Pilate commanded
the body to be delivered.
59 And when Joseph had taken the body, he wrapped it in a clean linen
cloth,
60 And laid it in his own new tomb, which he had hewn out in the rock: and
he rolled a great stone to the door of the sepulchre, and departed.)

Crucified with malefactors [a criminal subject to public execution]:
(Isaiah 53:12 Therefore will I divide him a portion with the great, and he
shall divide the spoil with the strong; because he hath poured out his
soul unto death: and he was numbered with the transgressors; and he bare
the sin of many, and made intercession for the transgressors.) Fulfilled:
(Mark 15:27-28 And with him they crucify two thieves; the one on his right
hand, and the other on his left.
28 And the scripture was fulfilled, which saith, And he was numbered with
the transgressors.)

Hands and feet would be pierced: (Psalm 22:16 For dogs have compassed me:
the assembly of the wicked have inclosed me: they pierced my hands and my
feet.) Fulfilled: (John 20:20 And when he had so said, he shewed unto them
his hands and his side. Then were the disciples glad, when they saw the
Lord.)

Jesus would sit at the right hand of God the Father: (Psalm 110:1 The LORD
said unto my Lord, Sit thou at my right hand, until I make thine enemies
thy footstool.) Fulfilled: (Hebrews 12:2 Looking unto Jesus the author and
finisher of our faith; who for the joy that was set before him endured the
cross, despising the shame, and is set down at the right hand of the
throne of God.)

Be Forsaken by God: (Psalm 22:1 My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?
why art thou so far from helping me, and from the words of my roaring?)
Fulfilled: (Matthew 27:46 And about the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud
voice, saying, Eli, Eli, lama sabachthani? that is to say, My God, my God,
why hast thou forsaken me?)

Given vinegar to drink: (Psalm 69:21 They gave me also gall for my meat;
and in my thirst they gave me vinegar to drink.) Fulfilled: (John 19:30
When Jesus therefore had received the vinegar, he said, It is finished:
and he bowed his head, and gave up the ghost.)

Soldiers gamble for his garments: (Psalm 22:18 They part my garments among
them, and cast lots upon my vesture.) Fulfilled: (Luke 23:34 ¶ Then said
Jesus, Father, forgive them; for they know not what they do. And they
parted his raiment, and cast lots.)

Jesus prayed for his enemies: We need to follow his example. Even in death
he asked God to forgive them. (Psalm 109:4 For my love they are my
adversaries: but I give myself unto prayer.) Fulfilled: (Luke 23:34 ¶ Then
said Jesus, Father, forgive them; for they know not what they do. And they
parted his raiment, and cast lots.)

Jesus as the Messiah would be rejected by his own people: (Isaiah 53:3 He
is despised and rejected of men; a man of sorrows, and acquainted with
grief: and we hid as it were our faces from him; he was despised, and we
esteemed him not.) Fulfilled: (John 1:11 He came unto his own, and his own
received him not.)

Would be called Immanuel: (Isaiah 7:14 Therefore the Lord himself shall
give you a sign; Behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son, and
shall call his name Immanuel.) Fulfilled: (Matthew 1:23 Behold, a virgin
shall be with child, and shall bring forth a son, and they shall call his
name Emmanuel, which being interpreted is, God with us.)

Would be called a King: (Zechariah 9:9 ¶ Rejoice greatly, O daughter of
Zion; shout, O daughter of Jerusalem: behold, thy King cometh unto thee:
he is just, and having salvation; lowly, and riding upon an ass, and upon
a colt the foal of an ass.) Fulfilled: (Matthew 27:37 And set up over his
head his accusation written, THIS IS JESUS THE KING OF THE JEWS.)

The throne of Jesus would be anointed and eternal: (Psalm 45:6 Thy throne,
O God, is for ever and ever: the sceptre of thy kingdom is a right
sceptre.) Fulfilled: (Luke 1:33 And he shall reign over the house of Jacob
for ever; and of his kingdom there shall be no end.)

Messiah was beaten and spat upon: (Isaiah 50:6 I gave my back to the
smiters, and my cheeks to them that plucked off the hair: I hid not my
face from shame and spitting.) Fulfilled: (Matthew 26:67 Then did they
spit in his face, and buffeted him; and others smote him with the palms of
their hands,)

Messiah would come from the line of Abraham: (Genesis 12:3 And I will
bless them that bless thee, and curse him that curseth thee: and in thee
shall all families of the earth be blessed.) (Genesis 22:18 And in thy
seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed; because thou hast
obeyed my voice.) Fulfilled: (Matthew 1:1 The book of the generation of
Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham.)

Messiah would be a descendant of Isaac: (Genesis 17:19 And God said, Sarah
thy wife shall bear thee a son indeed; and thou shalt call his name Isaac:
and I will establish my covenant with him for an everlasting covenant, and
with his seed after him.) (Genesis 21:12 ¶ And God said unto Abraham, Let
it not be grievous in thy sight because of the lad, and because of thy
bondwoman; in all that Sarah hath said unto thee, hearken unto her voice;
for in Isaac shall thy seed be called.) (Luke 3:34 Which was the son of
Jacob, which was the son of Isaac, which was the son of Abraham, which was
the son of Thara, which was the son of Nachor,)

Messiah would come from Jacob: (Numbers 24:17 I shall see him, but not
now: I shall behold him, but not nigh: there shall come a Star out of
Jacob, and a Sceptre shall rise out of Israel, and shall smite the corners
of Moab, and destroy all the children of Sheth.) Fulfilled: (Luke 3:34
Which was the son of Jacob, which was the son of Isaac, which was the son
of Abraham, which was the son of Thara, which was the son of Nachor,)

Messiah (Jesus) would not be believed: (Isaiah 53:1 Who hath believed our
report? and to whom is the arm of the LORD revealed?) Fulfilled: (John
12:37-38 37 ¶ But though he had done so many miracles before them, yet
they believed not on him:
38 That the saying of Esaias the prophet might be fulfilled, which he
spake, Lord, who hath believed our report? and to whom hath the arm of the
Lord been revealed?) Those who did not believe was Israel (The Jewish
people).

Messiah (Jesus) would make a triumphal entry into Jerusalem: (Zechariah
9:9 ¶ Rejoice greatly, O daughter of Zion; shout, O daughter of Jerusalem:
behold, thy King cometh unto thee: he is just, and having salvation;
lowly, and riding upon an ass, and upon a colt the foal of an ass.)
Fulfilled: (Matthew 21:4-11 All this was done, that it might be fulfilled
which was spoken by the prophet, saying,
5 Tell ye the daughter of Sion, Behold, thy King cometh unto thee, meek,
and sitting upon an ass, and a colt the foal of an ass.
6 And the disciples went, and did as Jesus commanded them,
7 And brought the ass, and the colt, and put on them their clothes, and
they set him thereon.
8 And a very great multitude spread their garments in the way; others cut
down branches from the trees, and strawed them in the way.
9 And the multitudes that went before, and that followed, cried, saying,
Hosanna to the Son of David: Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the
Lord; Hosanna in the highest.
10 And when he was come into Jerusalem, all the city was moved, saying,
Who is this?
11 And the multitude said, This is Jesus the prophet of Nazareth of
Galilee.) (Mark 11:7-11 7 And they brought the colt to Jesus, and cast
their garments on him; and he sat upon him.
8 And many spread their garments in the way: and others cut down branches
off the trees, and strawed them in the way.
9 And they that went before, and they that followed, cried, saying,
Hosanna; Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord:
10 Blessed be the kingdom of our father David, that cometh in the name of
the Lord: Hosanna in the highest.
11 And Jesus entered into Jerusalem, and into the temple: and when he had
looked round about upon all things, and now the eventide was come, he went
out unto Bethany with the twelve.) Jesus came to be the King of Israel and
was proclaimed as such, but rejected by the same people and crucified less
than a week later.

Messiah would be accused by false witnesses: (Psalm 35:11 False witnesses
did rise up; they laid to my charge things that I knew not.) Fulfilled:
(Mark 14:57-59 And there arose certain, and bare false witness against
him, saying,
58 We heard him say, I will destroy this temple that is made with hands,
and within three days I will build another made without hands.
59 But neither so did their witness agree together.)

Messiah would ascend to heaven to be at the right hand of God the Father:
(Psalm 68:18 Thou hast ascended on high, thou hast led captivity captive:
thou hast received gifts for men; yea, for the rebellious also, that the
LORD God might dwell among them.) Fulfilled: (Mark 16:19 ¶ So then after
the Lord had spoken unto them, he was received up into heaven, and sat on
the right hand of God.) (Luke 24:51 And it came to pass, while he blessed
them, he was parted from them, and carried up into heaven.) (I Corinthians
15:4 And that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day
according to the scriptures:) (Ephesians 4:8 Wherefore he saith, When he
ascended up on high, he led captivity captive, and gave gifts unto men.)

Messiah would be resurrected: (Psalm 16:10 For thou wilt not leave my soul
in hell; neither wilt thou suffer thine Holy One to see corruption.)
(Psalm 49:15 But God will redeem my soul from the power of the grave: for
he shall receive me. Selah.) Fulfilled: (Mark 16:6-7 And he saith unto
them, Be not affrighted: Ye seek Jesus of Nazareth, which was crucified:
he is risen; he is not here: behold the place where they laid him.
7 But go your way, tell his disciples and Peter that he goeth before you
into Galilee: there shall ye see him, as he said unto you.) (I Corinthians
15:4 And that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day
according to the scriptures:) Thank God for Jesus' resurrection or we
would still be dead in our sins. Messiah (Jesus) lives, unlike Mohammed or
Buddha.

Messiah would be in Egypt for a season: (Hosea 11:1 When Israel was a
child, then I loved him, and called my son out of Egypt.) Fulfilled:
(Matthew 2:14-15 When he arose, he took the young child and his mother by
night, and departed into Egypt:
15 And was there until the death of Herod: that it might be fulfilled
which was spoken of the Lord by the prophet, saying, Out of Egypt have I
called my son.)

A messenger would prepare the way for the Messiah: (Isaiah 40:3-5 ¶ The
voice of him that crieth in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the
LORD, make straight in the desert a highway for our God.
4 Every valley shall be exalted, and every mountain and hill shall be made
low: and the crooked shall be made straight, and the rough places plain:
5 And the glory of the LORD shall be revealed, and all flesh shall see it
together: for the mouth of the LORD hath spoken it.) Fulfilled: (Luke
3:2-6 Annas and Caiaphas being the high priests, the word of God came unto
John the son of Zacharias in the wilderness.
3 And he came into all the country about Jordan, preaching the baptism of
repentance for the remission of sins;
4 As it is written in the book of the words of Esaias the prophet, saying,
The voice of one crying in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the Lord,
make his paths straight.
5 Every valley shall be filled, and every mountain and hill shall be
brought low; and the crooked shall be made straight, and the rough ways
shall be made smooth;
6 And all flesh shall see the salvation of God.) John the Baptist was the
messenger.

Messiah would be preceded by a messenger (forerunner): (Malachi 3:1
Behold, I will send my messenger, and he shall prepare the way before me:
and the Lord, whom ye seek, shall suddenly come to his temple, even the
messenger of the covenant, whom ye delight in: behold, he shall come,
saith the LORD of hosts.) Fulfilled: (Luke 7:27 This is he, of whom it is
written, Behold, I send my messenger before thy face, which shall prepare
thy way before thee.) John the Baptist was the messenger (forerunner).

Messiah would be preceded by Elijah: (Malachi 4:5-6 ¶ Behold, I will send
you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of
the LORD:
6 And he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the children, and the
heart of the children to their fathers, lest I come and smite the earth
with a curse.) Fulfilled: (Matthew 11:13-14 For all the prophets and the
law prophesied until John.
14 And if ye will receive it, this is Elias, which was for to come.) Elias
is the Greek form of Elijah. Elijah will come before the Second Coming of
Jesus and will be one of the two witnesses along with Moses in Jerusalem
during the tribulation. (Revelation 11:3-4 3 And I will give power unto my
two witnesses, and they shall prophesy a thousand two hundred and
threescore days, clothed in sackcloth.
4 These are the two olive trees, and the two candlesticks standing before
the God of the earth.) (Zechariah 4:11 ¶ Then answered I, and said unto
him, What are these two olive trees upon the right side of the candlestick
and upon the left side thereof?) (Zechariah 4:14 Then said he, These are
the two anointed ones, that stand by the Lord of the whole earth.)

There would be a slaughter of children: (Jeremiah 31:15 ¶ Thus saith the
LORD; A voice was heard in Ramah, lamentation, and bitter weeping; Rahel
weeping for her children refused to be comforted for her children, because
they were not.) Rahel is Rachel. Fulfilled: (Matthew 2:16-18 ¶ Then Herod,
when he saw that he was mocked of the wise men, was exceeding wroth, and
sent forth, and slew all the children that were in Bethlehem, and in all
the coasts thereof, from two years old and under, according to the time
which he had diligently enquired of the wise men.
17 Then was fulfilled that which was spoken by Jeremy the prophet, saying,
18 In Rama was there a voice heard, lamentation, and weeping, and great
mourning, Rachel weeping for her children, and would not be comforted,
because they are not.) Jeremy is the prophet Jeremiah.

Messiah would bind up the brokenhearted: (Isaiah 61:1-2 1 The Spirit of
the Lord GOD is upon me; because the LORD hath anointed me to preach good
tidings unto the meek; he hath sent me to bind up the brokenhearted, to
proclaim liberty to the captives, and the opening of the prison to them
that are bound;
2 To proclaim the acceptable year of the LORD, and the day of vengeance of
our God; to comfort all that mourn;) Fulfilled: (Luke 4:17-21 17 And there
was delivered unto him the book of the prophet Esaias. And when he had
opened the book, he found the place where it was written,
18 The Spirit of the Lord is upon me, because he hath anointed me to
preach the gospel to the poor; he hath sent me to heal the brokenhearted,
to preach deliverance to the captives, and recovering of sight to the
blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised,
19 To preach the acceptable year of the Lord.
20 And he closed the book, and he gave it again to the minister, and sat
down. And the eyes of all them that were in the synagogue were fastened on
him.
21 And he began to say unto them, This day is this scripture fulfilled in
your ears.) Esaias is the Greek form of Isaiah.

Messiah would be praised by little children: (Psalm 8:2 Out of the mouth
of babes and sucklings hast thou ordained strength because of thine
enemies, that thou mightest still the enemy and the avenger.) Fulfilled:
(Matthew 21:16 And said unto him, Hearest thou what these say? And Jesus
saith unto them, Yea; have ye never read, Out of the mouth of babes and
sucklings thou hast perfected praise?)

Messiah would be heir to the throne of David: (II Samuel 7:12-13 ¶ And
when thy days be fulfilled, and thou shalt sleep with thy fathers, I will
set up thy seed after thee, which shall proceed out of thy bowels, and I
will establish his kingdom.
13 He shall build an house for my name, and I will stablish the throne of
his kingdom for ever.) (Isaiah 9:7 Of the increase of his government and
peace there shall be no end, upon the throne of David, and upon his
kingdom, to order it, and to establish it with judgment and with justice
from henceforth even for ever. The zeal of the LORD of hosts will perform
this.) Fulfilled: (Luke 1:32-33 He shall be great, and shall be called the
Son of the Highest: and the Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his
father David:
33 And he shall reign over the house of Jacob for ever; and of his kingdom
there shall be no end.) (Romans 1:3 Concerning his Son Jesus Christ our
Lord, which was made of the seed of David according to the flesh;)

There are many other prophecies as well. Many say that Jesus had
control over fulfilling these and other Messianic prophesies. Jesus did
have control over a few, but one does not have control over many of these
prophecies unless they are God as Jesus is. Many examples are one has no
control over where they are born, being born of a virgin, the lineage you
come from, where you are buried, who he was crucified with, being seated
at the right hand of God, being pierced in his side, not having his bones
broken, being betrayed by a friend and for thirty pieces of silver,
soldiers gambling over his garment, being hated without a cause, being
forsaken by God the Father, being the Prophet as foretold by Moses, and
many other things. Only one man could and did fulfill all these things.
The God man Jesus, who controls all things. Jesus is the Jewish Messiah.
We await his Second Coming. If you have not received Jesus as your
Saviour, please call upon him now before it is too late. Ye must be born.
The evidence has been presented before you that Jesus is the Messiah. (See
What must I do to be saved (be born again), have eternal life and go to
heaven? and Why we must be born again)

Search for: _____________________  [ Search ]

Recent Comments

Archives

Categories

• No categories

Meta

• Log in
• Entries feed
• Comments feed
• WordPress.org

Created my free logo at LogoMakr.com

Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Copyright (c) 2024 Jesus is God and Lord Ministries | Credits
Powered by Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

