Link: profile
Link: dns-prefetch
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Feed (alternate)
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Comments Feed (alternate)
Link: preconnect
Link: preconnect
Link: https://api.w.org/
Link: alternate
Link: RSD (EditURI)
Link: canonical
Link: shortlink
Link: alternate
Link: alternate
Skip to content
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Ye Must Be Born Again

Main Menu

• HOME
• STORE
• ABOUT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD MINISTRIES
• BELIEFS
• CONTACT
• KING JAMES BIBLE TO READ AND LISTEN TO
• KING JAMES BIBLE WORDS AND PHRASES DEFINED
• WHY WE MUST BE BORN AGAIN
• WHAT MUST I DO TO BE SAVED (BE BORN AGAIN), HAVE ETERNAL LIFE AND GO
TO HEAVEN?
• NOW THAT I AM A BORN AGAIN CHRISTIAN, HOW DO I GROW (MATURE)?
• PROOF THAT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD
• SERMONS AND SCRIPTURE LESSONSMenu Toggle

• 3:16 Verses
• Abraham the obedient father and type of God the Father
• According to the word of the LORD
• Alleged Contradictions in Scripture
• Angels and spiritual beings
• Animals Teaching Man  
• Be like Jesus
• Be Thankful
• Bread in Scripture
• Christian Martyrs for Jesus
• Colors in Scripture
• Curse Israel and you will be cursed
• Dangers of Calvinism
• Deadliest battles in scripture
• Deserts in scripture and in our lives
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism
• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freedom and Liberty come from God
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise
• From the resurrection to the ascension
• Genealogies of Jesus
• Gifts of the Holy Ghost
• God is Light
• God is Love
• God the Holy Ghost
• Halloween and the connection to Satan
• Honour Thy Mother
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus is the door that all must enter for everlasting life
• Jesus is the Light of the World and Christians Should Reflect
that Light
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jesus versus Mohammad
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Jonah
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Jude
• Malachi   
• Martyrs in the Lord's Army
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Nahum
• Nehemiah 3 and the ten gates of the Jerusalem wall
• Obadiah
• Our Nation Was Founded Upon God
• Philemon
• Prayer
• Pre-incarnate Appearances of Jesus (Theophanies)
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Proof that Jesus is God
• Prophecies Fulfilled by Jesus at his First Coming
• Prophecies of the Second Coming of Jesus
• Psalm 23
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines
• Santa is Satan and his little elves are devils
• Serve in the Lord's Army
• Seven Vial Judgments of Revelation
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  
• Star of Bethlehem
• Thankful people in scripture  
• The Battle of Gog and Magog
• The Books of God
• The Crucifixion of Jesus
• The Egyptian gods and goddesses of the ten plagues and their
judgment and defeat by the God of gods
• The Exodus   
• The Good Samaritan
• The Gospel in Stone
• The Gospel in the Stars
• The Greatest Father Anyone Can Have And Everyone Needs
• The Handwriting of God
• The Illegal Trial of Jesus
• The King James Bible Built-in Dictionary
• The Miracles at the Crucifixion of Jesus
• The New Year's resolutions that need to be kept
• The Number Seven in Scripture
• The Number Three in Scripture  
• The Riotous Son
• The True Creationism of the Scriptures versus False Theories
• The Unscriptural Flat Earth Theory
• The Unscriptural Lucifer Flood  
• The Widow Woman and the Oil  
• The Word Became Flesh
• Types of the Holy Ghost in scripture
• Was Jesus born on Christmas?
• Was Jesus Crucified on Friday?
• Water in Scripture
• Weather in scripture
• Who are the sons of God of Genesis 6?
• Work is from God
• Worshipping God in psalms, hymns, and spiritual songs
• Zephaniah

• VIDEOS
• HYMNS
• FOR PRECIOUS JEWISH SOULSMenu Toggle

• Meet the Jewish Messiah
• False Religion of Judaism
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  

• FOR PRECIOUS ROMAN CATHOLIC SOULSMenu Toggle

• False Doctrines of Roman Catholicism
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• CULTSMenu Toggle

• Roman CatholicismMenu Toggle

• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism

• FALSE RELIGIONSMenu Toggle

• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise

• RECOMMENDED BOOKS FOR READING
• LINKS
• CHECKOUT
• New items are available in the store for purchase.

0

Gifts of the Holy Ghost

As Christians every one of us has been given a gift or gifts from the
Holy Ghost. These gifts are given to us not for our benefit, but rather to
be used to give honor and glory to God. Those who walk closer to God will
be blessed with more gifts than someone who is a carnal saved as by fire
Christian. Most Christians do not realize that all Christians are given at
least one gift and many do not know what their gift or gifts are. If you
do not know what your gift is, then pray and ask the Holy Ghost to reveal
them to you. Make sure you have no unconfessed sin so that God will hear
you and can use you. As Christians we should never be jealous of another
Christian who has more gifts than us or a gift that we want. Every one of
the gifts are important and no one individual Christian's gift makes them
more important than another Christian who has a different gift that may
seem like a lesser gift. As a Christian body we need all of the gifts and
all are essential for the growth of the church. God knows our
personalities and other attributes as well as our walk with him and so he
knows best what gifts to give to each of us. Once you learn what your gift
is then start using it for God to win souls for Jesus. We are given the
gifts to be used and not just be neglected. If they are not used, the Holy
Ghost can take them away. Just remember that if you think you cannot speak
in front of crowds and God has called you to preach, then remember it is
God that will give you that ability. Moses said he was tongue tied and
wanted his brother Aaron to do the talking, but Moses soon found out that
he could speak before the people because it was God who gave him that gift
and ability. Remember that a gift is something you are given for free and
have done nothing to earn it. Use what gifts the Holy Ghost has given you
starting today.

Jesus as a man was given gifts by the Holy Ghost. (Isaiah 11:1-5 1
And there shall come forth a rod out of the stem of Jesse, and a Branch
shall grow out of his roots:
2 And the spirit of the LORD shall rest upon him, the spirit of wisdom and
understanding, the spirit of counsel and might, the spirit of knowledge
and of the fear of the LORD;
3 And shall make him of quick understanding in the fear of the LORD: and
he shall not judge after the sight of his eyes, neither reprove after the
hearing of his ears:
4 But with righteousness shall he judge the poor, and reprove with equity
for the meek of the earth: and he shall smite the earth with the rod of
his mouth, and with the breath of his lips shall he slay the wicked.
5 And righteousness shall be the girdle of his loins, and faithfulness the
girdle of his reins.)

Paul reminds us in I Corinthians 12 that all of the gifts from God
come from the same Spirit meaning all are from the Holy Ghost so no one
can say they got their gift from a better source than someone else. It is
only by the Holy Ghost that we can say that Jesus is God. This is one
thing that shows we are a child of God. (I Corinthians 12:3-12 3 Wherefore
I give you to understand, that no man speaking by the Spirit of God
calleth Jesus accursed: and that no man can say that Jesus is the Lord,
but by the Holy Ghost.
4 Now there are diversities of gifts, but the same Spirit.
5 And there are differences of administrations, but the same Lord.
6 And there are diversities of operations, but it is the same God which
worketh all in all.
7 But the manifestation of the Spirit is given to every man to profit
withal.
8 For to one is given by the Spirit the word of wisdom; to another the
word of knowledge by the same Spirit;
9 To another faith by the same Spirit; to another the gifts of healing by
the same Spirit;
10 To another the working of miracles; to another prophecy; to another
discerning of spirits; to another divers kinds of tongues; to another the
interpretation of tongues:
11 But all these worketh that one and the selfsame Spirit, dividing to
every man severally as he will.
12 For as the body is one, and hath many members, and all the members of
that one body, being many, are one body: so also is Christ.) Verse 7 shows
the gifts are given to us so that it will profit or benefit the body of
Christ so that the body of Christ may glorify God and do the work required
by God to win souls for him. Verse 11 shows that the Holy Ghost divides
the gifts to every man or person as he wills. As I said he knows who will
use the gifts and who deserves what gifts, but all Christians receive at
least one gift that they are expected to use to glorify God as seen in
verse 12. Verse 12 also shows that the church is one body in Christ, but
is made up of many members with all being just as important as another
member. Paul then gives examples in the chapter comparing the eye with the
ear, the nose and the foot showing that it would do no good to have all
eyes, but not the other parts and the same applies to having all of
another part. All of the parts are needed to have a complete body and the
same applies to the gifts given to Christians within the body. (I
Corinthians 12:20 But now are they many members, yet but one body.) Verses
8-10 lists nine gifts given to the body by God the Holy Ghost. They are
the word of wisdom, the word of knowledge, faith, gifts of healing,
working of miracles, prophecy, discerning of spirits, divers kinds of
tongues, and the interpretation of tongues.

The first gift mentioned is the gift of wisdom. Wisdom clearly comes
from God as I have mentioned before in sermons and it is those who fear
the LORD that will be given this gift. Let us look at a couple verses on
wisdom. (Psalm 111:10 The fear of the LORD is the beginning of wisdom: a
good understanding have all they that do his commandments: his praise
endureth for ever.) (Proverbs 8:11 For wisdom is better than rubies; and
all the things that may be desired are not to be compared to it.)
(Proverbs 16:16 How much better is it to get wisdom than gold! and to get
understanding rather to be chosen than silver!) (Ecclesiastes 2:26 For God
giveth to a man that is good in his sight wisdom, and knowledge, and joy:
but to the sinner he giveth travail, to gather and to heap up, that he may
give to him that is good before God. This also is vanity and vexation of
spirit.) (Ecclesiastes 9:18 Wisdom is better than weapons of war: but one
sinner destroyeth much good.) Solomon was the wisest man who ever lived as
he had prayed and asked God to give him wisdom which God did. Solomon
mentions wisdom more in his books of Proverbs and Ecclesiastes than does
anyone else. Wisdom is having experience and knowledge that is used with
good judgment to make wise decisions. One of the things of a wise person
is that they will pray and ask God before making a decision. We see from
some of the verses that were read that Solomon says wisdom is more
valuable than even gold or rubies. A person is not born with wisdom.
Wisdom will bring a person closer to God and keep you on the right path of
life far more than gold or rubies will. Those things will not help your
eternal soul whereas wisdom will.

The second gift on the list is knowledge. Knowledge is similar to
wisdom and is often times compared to wisdom in scripture as you cannot
have wisdom without knowledge especially of God, but they are not the
same. A person can be very knowledgeable about many topics such as sports
or some type of work, but these things do not make a person wise or do
anything for one's soul. It is important to have knowledge, but it needs
to be the right knowledge such as understanding about God and his word. A
person's head needs to be filled with the knowledge of God and not secular
things. Many unsaved people have great knowledge which we refer to as
being book smart, but they cannot discern the ways of God. Those with the
gift of knowledge will know God's word and then they should be applying it
to their lives. Those who have also been given the gift of wisdom most
likely will. Remember just because a person has been given a gift does not
mean it is always used. Solomon who prayed for the gift of wisdom also
prayed for the gift of knowledge as they go hand in hand. We need to be
knowledgeable in the ways of God, but wise enough to be able to apply
them. Today some people have photographic memories which are given to them
by God. God gives gifts not only to saved people, but also the unsaved
especially to those who he knows will one day be saved. This is why some
people have musical talents and other gifts, but we also need to remember
and understand that God does allow Satan to also give people gifts who
serve him as well and this can be seen especially among musicians,
athletes, and actors in Hollywood. Here are a few verses on knowledge.
(Proverbs 1:7 ¶ The fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge: but
fools despise wisdom and instruction.) We see true knowledge from God
comes after a person learns to fear the LORD. (Proverbs 1:29 For that they
hated knowledge, and did not choose the fear of the LORD:) Today many of
the youth do not fear the LORD and this is why they hate knowledge and
learn nothing in school. (Proverbs 12:1 Whoso loveth instruction loveth
knowledge: but he that hateth reproof is brutish.) (Proverbs 15:2 The
tongue of the wise useth knowledge aright: but the mouth of fools poureth
out foolishness.)

Faith is the third gift on the list. Hebrews gives us a definition of
faith. (Hebrews 11:1 Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the
evidence of things not seen.) Faith is believing that God will do the
things that he says he will without being able to see any physical
evidence. We see that God exists because of creation around us, but we
cannot physically see God. We take it by faith that he exists. We take by
faith that God created the world just as he said he did. None of us were
there. The same applies to evolution as no evolutionist was at the Big
Bang so they by faith believe it. It actually takes greater faith to
believe that everything is here today because of evolution than it does to
believe God created everything as he said he did in six days. A person can
only be saved by having faith in Jesus that he can wash away our sins and
that he did rise from that grave on the third day and is now seated at the
right hand of God. (Luke 18:42 And Jesus said unto
him, Receive thy sight: thy faith hath saved thee.) (Mark 2:5 When Jesus
saw their faith, he said unto the sick of the palsy, Son, thy sins be
forgiven thee.) Faith is an important gift as it will allow that person to
have a strong relationship with God and trust him to guide them in their
lives. By faith they will trust God to help them witness to people even if
they feel they are not qualified. Let us look at some verses on faith.
(Habakkuk 2:4 Behold, his soul which is lifted up is not upright in him:
but the just shall live by his faith.) Jesus healed many people because
they had the faith or trust in Jesus that he could and would do for them
as they asked. Jesus healed the woman who had an issue of blood for twelve
years. (Matthew 9:22 But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he
said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And
the woman was made whole from that hour.) Jesus healed two blind men
because of their faith. (Matthew 9:29 Then touched he their eyes, saying,
According to your faith be it unto you.) We need to be making sure that
our faith is placed in God and not in some physician, politician, or other
person. (Mark 11:22 And Jesus answering saith unto them, Have faith in
God.) Men of faith are often filled with the Holy Ghost such as Stephen
was. (Acts 6:5 ¶ And the saying pleased the whole multitude: and they
chose Stephen, a man full of faith and of the Holy Ghost, and Philip, and
Prochorus, and Nicanor, and Timon, and Parmenas, and Nicolas a proselyte
of Antioch:) The problem with most professing Christians today is that
they lack faith and fail to ask God to give it to them. They had enough
faith to get saved, but not enough to continue to believe God's word such
as he created everything and in a young earth. They fail to have faith to
get them through their daily lives.

The fourth gift on the list is the gift of healing. Today physicians
are often given the gift by God to have the knowledge on how to treat
their patients, but this gift is referring to how Paul and others healed
people without surgery or medicine. They were completely healed of their
disease or other problem. Today many people claim to have this gift, but
they are no more than frauds as they say they have removed a person's
cancer which cannot be seen, yet they will not heal a person's broken leg
which can be seen. Those who healed in scripture then their healing could
clearly be seen such as when the beggar was healed by Peter at the temple.
(Acts 3:6-9 6 Then Peter said, Silver and gold have I none; but such as I
have give I thee: In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth rise up and
walk.
7 And he took him by the right hand, and lifted him up: and immediately
his feet and ankle bones received strength.
8 And he leaping up stood, and walked, and entered with them into the
temple, walking, and leaping, and praising God.
9 And all the people saw him walking and praising God:) Notice that this
man was not only healed, but was able to immediately jump and walk around
and it was obviously a miracle. Those people who are healed by this gift
are healed when science cannot explain it showing the healing is by God.
Remember though that God also allows Satan to copy some of these gifts
such as during the tribulation when the antichrist is healed. I
Corinthians 12:9 says the "gifts of healing" in the plural so there may
actually be more than one gift of healing with some people getting more of
it to allow different types of healing. There is much debate over whether
people still have this gift today or not. I believe it may not be around
anymore, but if it is then it is a very limited gift. Some of the gifts
were only given for the time of the apostles or shortly after and I
believe this may be one of those gifts. It is possible that this gift will
return during the tribulation or if it is still around to become more
common.

The fifth gift is the working of miracles. This gift goes hand in
hand with healings as all healings are only done by miracles such as
giving sight to the blind or hearing to the deaf. This gift was used by
Peter and Paul to raise the dead back to life. Of course Jesus used many
of these gifts as well. The gift of miracles is clearly a gift from God as
none of us has the power to do the things done by this gift without God.
Paul made Elymas a sorcerer blind for a season since he was trying to keep
the deputy from getting saved. (Acts 13:11 And now, behold, the hand of
the Lord is upon thee, and thou shalt be blind, not seeing the sun for a
season. And immediately there fell on him a mist and a darkness; and he
went about seeking some to lead him by the hand.)

The sixth gift on the list is prophecy. Prophecy is the ability from
God to foretell future events in detail that will happen exactly as God
says they will. God had many prophets in both the old and new testaments.
I believe this is one of the gifts that is probably not around today as
God does not speak to people the way he did in Bible days. Scripture is
complete and so man has all of the knowledge that he needs. There are many
people who claim to be prophets including some who profess to be
Christians yet God said you can know a false prophet by one whose word is
not completely fulfilled. (Deuteronomy 18:22 When a prophet speaketh in
the name of the LORD, if the thing follow not, nor come to pass, that is
the thing which the LORD hath not spoken, but the prophet hath spoken it
presumptuously: thou shalt not be afraid of him.) Jesus warned of false
prophets in our day. (Matthew 7:15 ¶ Beware of false prophets, which come
to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves.)
(Matthew 24:11 And many false prophets shall rise, and shall deceive
many.) (Matthew 24:24 For there shall arise false Christs, and false
prophets, and shall shew great signs and wonders; insomuch that, if it
were possible, they shall deceive the very elect.) Many made predictions
for the 2020 election claiming they were words from God, but all of them
fell short proving they were false prophets. Do not fear these false
prophets or listen to them. The greatest false prophet will be the right
hand man of the antichrist during the tribulation.  

The seventh gift on the list is the discerning of the spirits. This
gift goes hand in hand with understanding false prophets. John told us to
test the spirits to see whether they are from God. If they are from God
then they will say that Jesus came in the flesh. (I John 4:1-3 1 Beloved,
believe not every spirit, but try the spirits whether they are of God:
because many false prophets are gone out into the world.
2 Hereby know ye the Spirit of God: Every spirit that confesseth that
Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is of God:
3 And every spirit that confesseth not that Jesus Christ is come in the
flesh is not of God: and this is that spirit of antichrist, whereof ye
have heard that it should come; and even now already is it in the world.)
We know that there are many people who profess to be Christians who enter
the churches with the sole purpose of destroying it. These are the wolves
in sheep's clothing. This is an important gift to pray for as many
Christians are deceived every day by those who profess to be Christians,
but are really not. This gift will help discern when devils come to you in
a vision or dream and tell you something. Do as God said and ask the
spirit if Jesus came in the flesh. If they say no then the spirit or devil
is from Satan and not God. An angel sent by God will say Jesus came in the
flesh. Satan's cohorts will not say that Jesus came in the flesh to
deceive you as they hate Jesus more than they care about losing your soul.
Today this is a gift that is definitely lacking in the church as most
Christians cannot see the evil around them and this is one of the reasons
that the church has so many problems. The other problem is that most
Christians do not even want this gift because they are blinded and just
plain do not care. We need to pray that the Holy Ghost gives this gift to
more people, but I am afraid as long as they are far from God then this
will not happen.

The eighth gift on the list in I Corinthians 12 is the gift of
speaking in tongues. Pentecostals believe that you are not saved unless
you speak in tongues. This is adding works to God's grace and free gift of
salvation. I believe this gift is probably very rare if at all today. I do
believe God gives some missionaries the ability to quickly learn a
language where he has sent them so that the missionary can win souls, but
the gift in scripture was the miracle of speaking a language that was then
heard in the other person's language such as at Pentecost when the
apostles preached in Greek most likely, but everyone heard them as if they
were speaking their own language. (Acts 2:4-11 4 And they were all filled
with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit
gave them utterance.
5 And there were dwelling at Jerusalem Jews, devout men, out of every
nation under heaven.
6 Now when this was noised abroad, the multitude came together, and were
confounded, because that every man heard them speak in his own language.
7 And they were all amazed and marvelled, saying one to another, Behold,
are not all these which speak Galilæans?
8 And how hear we every man in our own tongue, wherein we were born?
9 Parthians, and Medes, and Elamites, and the dwellers in Mesopotamia, and
in Judæa, and Cappadocia, in Pontus, and Asia,
10 Phrygia, and Pamphylia, in Egypt, and in the parts of Libya about
Cyrene, and strangers of Rome, Jews and proselytes,
11 Cretes and Arabians, we do hear them speak in our tongues the wonderful
works of God.) I think it may be possible that a person can suddenly speak
Chinese, Greek, or some other language without ever having learned it.
These languages here in Acts 2 are all real languages unlike in the
Pentecostal church were they speak gibberish. This gibberish or a language
that cannot be understood is not from God, but rather Satan and witches
have said they have taken advantage of this by going into the churches and
speaking in what the people believe are tongues, but are in reality curses
being placed on the church and the people by the witch or witches. Paul
warned about speaking in tongues without having an interpreter. Paul said
he would rather speak only five words that could be understood than ten
thousand in an unknown tongue. (I Corinthians 14:19 Yet in the church I
had rather speak five words with my understanding, that by my voice I
might teach others also, than ten thousand words in an unknown tongue.)
Paul said speaking in tongues only edified the individual whereas
prophesying or interpreting edified God. (I Corinthians 14:4-5 4 He that
speaketh in an unknown tongue edifieth himself; but he that prophesieth
edifieth the church.
5 I would that ye all spake with tongues, but rather that ye prophesied:
for greater is he that prophesieth than he that speaketh with tongues,
except he interpret, that the church may receive edifying.) Paul said that
he could speak the tongues of both man and angel and it is possible that
the gibberish heard in Pentecostal churches is actually the language of
devils. (I Corinthians 13:1 Though I speak with the tongues of men and of
angels, and have not charity, I am become as sounding brass, or a tinkling
cymbal.)    

The ninth gift on the list is the interpreting of tongues. We see
there are nine gifts mentioned with the number nine meaning the fruit of
the Spirit. As we just read the interpreting of tongues is more important
that the speaking of tongues for unless the people in the church can
understand what is being spoken then it does no good to speak.

Romans 12:3-8 shows more gifts and shows how we have those gifts by
the grace of God and by how much faith we have. (Romans 12:3-8 3 For I
say, through the grace given unto me, to every man that is among you, not
to think of himself more highly than he ought to think; but to think
soberly, according as God hath dealt to every man the measure of faith.
4 For as we have many members in one body, and all members have not the
same office:
5 So we, being many, are one body in Christ, and every one members one of
another.
6 Having then gifts differing according to the grace that is given to us,
whether prophecy, let us prophesy according to the proportion of faith;
7 Or ministry, let us wait on our ministering: or he that teacheth, on
teaching;
8 Or he that exhorteth, on exhortation: he that giveth, let him do it with
simplicity; he that ruleth, with diligence; he that sheweth mercy, with
cheerfulness.) Verse 4 shows that we are all one body of Christ, but we do
not all have the same office. God has called different people for
different things and if he has called you he will equip you with the gifts
necessary to perform that ministry or office. For example as a preacher I
am expected to teach. God has given me the gift to be able to teach as
well as the ability to speak in front of people. As verse 6 shows we get
our gifts by grace and we are to only use our gift with the portion that
he has given to us such as this verse mentions prophecy. There are many
prophets in scripture, but some were given much more prophecy than others
even though they were all given the gift of prophecy. Verse seven mentions
the gifts of ministering and teaching. These gifts can be used in many
ways. As I said a pastor must be able to teach, but God also gives this
gift to others so they can teach Sunday School or Bible studies in their
homes. Ministering can be various types of ministry that God has called
you to. I have a tract ministry and a website ministry to help minister to
the lost. Others have the ministry of helping others or some other type of
way that they can minister and help people. Jesus ministered to others. He
even washed his disciple's feet. Exhortation is the ability to be able to
strongly urge or advice people to do the right thing. This is some of that
accountability that all Christians should do with each other. God said to
exhort with simplicity and not meanness. Those that God has called to rule
are to do so with diligence or speed and carefulness. They are not to
delay in ruling over the people the way God has commanded. Moses ruled
over the people and he did not delay in carrying out God's orders and
neither should we. We are to show mercy with cheerfulness and not with
hatred. God showed mercy on all of us who were sinners when he sent his
only begotten Son to die for us, so we should do no less on others. Many
of these things in Romans can apply to all Christians and are not
necessarily just gifts for some though some such as teaching are. Not
everyone can teach despite how I have heard churches nearly forcing
someone to teach a Sunday School class because no one wanted to do it. God
calls people to teach, not we choose them.

I Corinthians 12 concludes the chapter by giving a list of gifts in
some kind of order. I said earlier that we all have gifts, just that many
do not use them. I also said that we are all members of the body of Christ
and all are important with no one more important than another as all of
the gifts are necessary, but God does still have a ranking of gifts with
the best gifts being bestowed upon those Christians with the most faith.
Jesus did not call all of his disciples to be apostles, but that does not
mean that he did not love all of them equally. Even among the apostles,
Jesus had his inner core of three in Peter, James, and John. This list
just means that God uses people in different ways. Let us look at these
gifts. (I Corinthians 12:28-31 28 And God hath set some in the church,
first apostles, secondarily prophets, thirdly teachers, after that
miracles, then gifts of healings, helps, governments, diversities of
tongues.
29 Are all apostles? are all prophets? are all teachers? are all workers
of miracles?
30 Have all the gifts of healing? do all speak with tongues? do all
interpret?
31 But covet earnestly the best gifts: and yet shew I unto you a more
excellent way.) Paul repeats some of the gifts from earlier in the
chapter. The first gift that is listed is the apostles who were the
leaders of the early church. Paul who was an apostle had authority over
other Christians if he had so chosen and he even said so. (Philemon 8-9 8
Wherefore, though I might be much bold in Christ to enjoin thee that which
is convenient,
9Yet for love's sake I rather beseech thee, being such an one as Paul the
aged, and now also a prisoner of Jesus Christ.) Enjoin means instruct as
in this case Paul could have forced Philemon to obey his commands. (I
Thessalonians 2:6-7 6 Nor of men sought we glory, neither of you,
nor yet of others, when we might have been burdensome, as the apostles of
Christ.
7But we were gentle among you, even as a nurse cherisheth her children:)
This list shows that apostles were the highest ranking Christians in
authority in the church and were expected to be obeyed as what they were
speaking was coming from God. I do not believe that the gift of being an
apostle is given anymore as it was just for the time of Jesus. Just as
there is no need for prophets anymore as Jesus has already come, there is
no longer a need for apostles. The next two rankings were prophets and
then teachers which would include pastors and preachers as well as
missionaries. Today the pastor is in charge in the earthly church since we
do not have apostles or prophets anymore. Jesus is still the overall head
of the church just as he always has been. Next Paul lists those who can
perform miracles and then those who have the gifts of healing. Paul next
lists helps which are those in the church who have the gift to help
another person. This gift can be used in many ways. A person might have
the gift to physically help someone do something around their house, they
might be able to help another Christian financially, or they might have
the help gift of just cheering them up by calling them when they are alone
or sending them a card when they are sick and lonely. Next on the list is
governments. This is the people that God calls not only to lead the
government in the church such as the pastor and deacons, but also in the
secular world. People often say that Christians should not be involved in
politics, but this is not true. God has given the gift for some people to
rule in our government so that laws and decisions will be made in
obedience to God's laws. If only unsaved people run our government then
Christians will soon lose all rights and this nation will become a nation
of anarchy. God would not give the gift of governments if he never wanted
some Christians to rule over others. This also applies to the church as I
already stated though many people want to reject the authority of the
pastor and his helpers the deacons. Paul next lists diversities of
tongues. We see how far down on the list this gift is. Paul then goes on
in verse 29-30 and asks are all people apostles, prophets, teachers,
workers of miracles, have the gifts of healing, have the ability to speak
in tongues, or to interpret tongues? Paul is clearly showing how we do not
all have the same gifts and that some will receive higher gifts then
others and if someone has a higher gift than another then those people and
their gift from God need to be respected and obeyed. Paul clearly shows
not everyone has the gift of teaching as I earlier said some churches want
to just make anyone a teacher when God clearly only gives the gift to
certain people. Paul in verse 31 says we all need to pray or covet the
best gifts. The best gifts only go to those walking the closest to God and
so by coveting these gifts we will walk closer to God so that we too may
be blessed with God's grace in receiving them as well.

Ephesians 4 also has a similar list as we just saw in I Corinthians
12:28-31. (Ephesians 4:7 But unto every one of us is given grace according
to the measure of the gift of Christ.) This verse again shows we are given
gifts by God's grace and according to our walk or measure with Jesus
Christ. God is not going to give someone some great gift who barely is
even saved and cares nothing about him or has any time for him. (Ephesians
4:11-12 11 And he gave some, apostles; and some, prophets; and some,
evangelists; and some, pastors and teachers;
12For the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the
edifying of the body of Christ:) Verse 12 shows the gifts are for the work
of the ministry of winning souls for Jesus and for edifying the body of
Christ and perfecting the saints so they are more like Jesus. Edifying
means to give moral instructions. Verse 11 again lists apostles first,
followed again by prophets as before. We now see a new gift of evangelists
followed by pastors and teachers. We see here how God makes a distinction
between evangelists and pastors. Evangelists are those whose sole purpose
is to go around speaking the gospel to win many souls for Jesus. A
pastor's job is to stay and preach at a church and he is to win souls as
all Christians are expected to do, but his main job is to teach scripture
to the people and to be the leader of the earthly church. A pastor
concentrates on all of the details of scripture whereas an evangelist
mainly focus only on the gospel and leading people to the Lord which is
why they are ranked above a pastor as nothing is more important than being
saved. The separate category of teachers would include Sunday School
teachers and others including Christian school teachers. These individuals
are very important, but the pastor who is also a teacher outranks them as
is seen on the list. They are not one and the same just as evangelists and
pastors are not one and the same. Many pastors and churches do not realize
that God has given some men the gift of being evangelists. I have seen too
often where a church will have a revival yet they will not use an
evangelist, but a pastor who comes and speaks and then the pastor may go
to the other pastor's church for their revival. While they are often good
preaching and great times of fellowship, too often no one gets saved
because they are not called to be evangelists. Evangelists have the gift
to be able to lead people to Jesus in a way that most pastors cannot. We
need to start using these men and their gifts from God in the church so
that the church will grow not only numerically, but spiritually. The
pastor's main job is too grow the church spiritually after the evangelist
gets the people into the church. We need to work together. I have seen God
give a godly pastor later the gift of evangelist where the pastor then
resigned from the church and then served the Lord with his new gift. He
now has the gift to win souls and teach them. Let us learn to use the
gifts of the church properly and in order as taught by Paul. We need to
realize that some gifts are only given to men regardless of how godly a
female may be. Apostles, evangelists, and pastors are all examples of
gifts only for men. We must not change the order of the gifts or who we
think should get them as that is only the decision of God.

Peter spoke a little on gifts. (I Peter 4:8-11 8 And above all things
have fervent charity among yourselves: for charity shall cover the
multitude of sins.
9 Use hospitality one to another without grudging.
10 As every man hath received the gift, even so minister the same one to
another, as good stewards of the manifold grace of God.
11 If any man speak, let him speak as the oracles of God; if any man
minister, let him do it as of the ability which God giveth: that God in
all things may be glorified through Jesus Christ, to whom be praise and
dominion for ever and ever. Amen.) Peter mentions charity in verse 8, but
this is a gift that I believe every Christian possesses, just that most do
not use it. Peter in verse 9 mentions hospitality which I believe also all
Christians should have, but there are definitely some people who have the
gift of hospitality in welcoming the new people at church, in inviting
people to their homes especially new people, as well as taking things such
as food to those who are sick. These people with this gift do these things
without grudging as they enjoy using the gift that God has given them. A
church that has one with this gift is blessed and if they have more than
one even more blessed. Take care of these people as they will take care of
you. Peter in verse 10 says to use the gift that God gave you to minister
to others in the church. In verse 11 we see Peter says those who have the
gift of ministering such as pastors then do so with the ability that God
has given you. Do not try to do it on your own. Know your limitations and
remember we are ministers, so just like Jesus we must minister to those
people in the church in their time of need. Peter is showing how some
pastors have been given more of the gift than others. We all know of some
pastors that are much better than others in their teachings. Peter said
that God must be glorified by the minister.

James said that every good gift is from above meaning God. God will
never give you a bad gift. (James 1:17 Every good gift and every perfect
gift is from above, and cometh down from the Father of lights, with whom
is no variableness, neither shadow of turning.) God gave us our gifts
without repentance or regret so we need to make sure we do not waste them.
(Romans 11:29 For the gifts and calling of God are without repentance.)

I have shown how the Holy Ghost as God gives gifts to believers. As
believers we need to learn what those gifts are and then learn to use
them. As we grow as Christians, let us pray that God will in his grace
bestow more gifts upon us. God gives grace to the humble and not the
proud. (James 4:6 But he giveth more grace. Wherefore he saith, God
resisteth the proud, but giveth grace unto the humble.) The apostles were
blessed with many gifts as well as much authority, yet they learned to use
those around them with gifts they did not have or even ones with similar
gifts so that together many people night get saved. Remember that is the
only reason we get gifts, so that we can use them for God. They are not
for ourselves or for bragging rights over other Christians. I do believe a
person can lose gifts if they get out of the grace of God. I pray that all
of us will stay in God's grace and thank God for the gifts he has given
us. For those who are not saved, remember God gave the greatest gift to
you in his Son Jesus Christ so that you might be saved. Do not refuse this
gift, but receive this free gift today by admitting you are a sinner and
in need of Jesus to be your Saviour. Pray and ask Jesus to save you today.
If you do then you will receive gifts from the Holy Ghost as well.      

Search for: _____________________  [ Search ]

Recent Comments

Archives

Categories

• No categories

Meta

• Log in
• Entries feed
• Comments feed
• WordPress.org

Created my free logo at LogoMakr.com

Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Copyright (c) 2024 Jesus is God and Lord Ministries | Credits
Powered by Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

