Link: profile
Link: dns-prefetch
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Feed (alternate)
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Comments Feed (alternate)
Link: preconnect
Link: preconnect
Link: https://api.w.org/
Link: alternate
Link: RSD (EditURI)
Link: canonical
Link: shortlink
Link: alternate
Link: alternate
Skip to content
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Ye Must Be Born Again

Main Menu

• HOME
• STORE
• ABOUT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD MINISTRIES
• BELIEFS
• CONTACT
• KING JAMES BIBLE TO READ AND LISTEN TO
• KING JAMES BIBLE WORDS AND PHRASES DEFINED
• WHY WE MUST BE BORN AGAIN
• WHAT MUST I DO TO BE SAVED (BE BORN AGAIN), HAVE ETERNAL LIFE AND GO
TO HEAVEN?
• NOW THAT I AM A BORN AGAIN CHRISTIAN, HOW DO I GROW (MATURE)?
• PROOF THAT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD
• SERMONS AND SCRIPTURE LESSONSMenu Toggle

• 3:16 Verses
• Abraham the obedient father and type of God the Father
• According to the word of the LORD
• Alleged Contradictions in Scripture
• Angels and spiritual beings
• Animals Teaching Man  
• Be like Jesus
• Be Thankful
• Bread in Scripture
• Christian Martyrs for Jesus
• Colors in Scripture
• Curse Israel and you will be cursed
• Dangers of Calvinism
• Deadliest battles in scripture
• Deserts in scripture and in our lives
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism
• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freedom and Liberty come from God
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise
• From the resurrection to the ascension
• Genealogies of Jesus
• Gifts of the Holy Ghost
• God is Light
• God is Love
• God the Holy Ghost
• Halloween and the connection to Satan
• Honour Thy Mother
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus is the door that all must enter for everlasting life
• Jesus is the Light of the World and Christians Should Reflect
that Light
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jesus versus Mohammad
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Jonah
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Jude
• Malachi   
• Martyrs in the Lord's Army
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Nahum
• Nehemiah 3 and the ten gates of the Jerusalem wall
• Obadiah
• Our Nation Was Founded Upon God
• Philemon
• Prayer
• Pre-incarnate Appearances of Jesus (Theophanies)
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Proof that Jesus is God
• Prophecies Fulfilled by Jesus at his First Coming
• Prophecies of the Second Coming of Jesus
• Psalm 23
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines
• Santa is Satan and his little elves are devils
• Serve in the Lord's Army
• Seven Vial Judgments of Revelation
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  
• Star of Bethlehem
• Thankful people in scripture  
• The Battle of Gog and Magog
• The Books of God
• The Crucifixion of Jesus
• The Egyptian gods and goddesses of the ten plagues and their
judgment and defeat by the God of gods
• The Exodus   
• The Good Samaritan
• The Gospel in Stone
• The Gospel in the Stars
• The Greatest Father Anyone Can Have And Everyone Needs
• The Handwriting of God
• The Illegal Trial of Jesus
• The King James Bible Built-in Dictionary
• The Miracles at the Crucifixion of Jesus
• The New Year's resolutions that need to be kept
• The Number Seven in Scripture
• The Number Three in Scripture  
• The Riotous Son
• The True Creationism of the Scriptures versus False Theories
• The Unscriptural Flat Earth Theory
• The Unscriptural Lucifer Flood  
• The Widow Woman and the Oil  
• The Word Became Flesh
• Types of the Holy Ghost in scripture
• Was Jesus born on Christmas?
• Was Jesus Crucified on Friday?
• Water in Scripture
• Weather in scripture
• Who are the sons of God of Genesis 6?
• Work is from God
• Worshipping God in psalms, hymns, and spiritual songs
• Zephaniah

• VIDEOS
• HYMNS
• FOR PRECIOUS JEWISH SOULSMenu Toggle

• Meet the Jewish Messiah
• False Religion of Judaism
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  

• FOR PRECIOUS ROMAN CATHOLIC SOULSMenu Toggle

• False Doctrines of Roman Catholicism
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• CULTSMenu Toggle

• Roman CatholicismMenu Toggle

• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism

• FALSE RELIGIONSMenu Toggle

• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise

• RECOMMENDED BOOKS FOR READING
• LINKS
• CHECKOUT
• New items are available in the store for purchase.

0

3:16 Verses

Of the 66 books of the Holy Bible, 28 of the 39 old testament books
have a 3:16 verse and 21 of the 27 new testament books have a 3:16 verse
for a total of 49 of the 66 books in scripture having a 3:16 verse. The
number 49 is 7 times 7 with 7 being the number for completeness. The
number three represents divine completeness and resurrection and the
number 16 means love. The number 28 means eternal life as the old
testament had many types to point the people to Jesus who gives eternal
life to all those who call upon him to be their Saviour. The number 11 for
the old testament books without a 3:16 verse represents judgment and
disorder and this is again seen in the old testament in the rebellion of
Israel as well as Satan and man in general and eternal judgment in the
lake of fire for all those who reject Jesus as their Saviour. The number
21 means exceeding sinfulness of sins and this is seen how the old
testament with the law pointed out how sinful man was and the need for a
Saviour. The old testament had the animal sacrifices. The new testament is
all about that Saviour, Jesus Christ and how man who is exceeding sinful
needs Jesus as their Saviour who made the sacrifice for us. The number six
for the new testament books without a 3:16 verse means man and shows how
man needs a Saviour and how Jesus came to earth as the God-man to die for
us, be buried, and rise again on the third day so that he might be our
perfect sinless Saviour. Many of these verses will show the connection
with these numbers with the most famous verse in scripture in John 3:16
showing the love of Jesus for us that he died for us and was resurrected
again to life on the third day. John 3:16 is the gospel in a nutshell.
When someone hears 3:16 verse this is the verse that comes to mind, but
there are many other great 3:16 verses as we will see that are powerful as
well. The following old testament books do not have a 3:16 verse: Ezra,
Esther, Psalms, Song of Solomon, Hosea, Amos, Obadiah, Jonah, Micah,
Haggai, and Zachariah. The following new testament books do not have a
3:16 verse: I Thessalonians, Titus, Philemon, II John, III John, Jude.
Most of the old testament verses deal with sin and most of the new
testament verses deal with Jesus or point to Jesus in some way. Nearly
every one of the new testament 3:16 verses could have sermons preached on
them and done in a series. 

Genesis the first book in scripture has the first 3:16 verse.
(Genesis 3:16 Unto the woman he said, I will greatly multiply thy sorrow
and thy conception; in sorrow thou shalt bring forth children; and thy
desire shall be to thy husband, and he shall rule over thee.) Sin brought
about the curse on the woman. By a woman's conception came Jesus. Her
sorrow brought joy and salvation to the world. (Luke 1:14 And thou shalt
have joy and gladness; and many shall rejoice at his birth.) (John 16:21 A
woman when she is in travail hath sorrow, because her hour is come: but as
soon as she is delivered of the child, she remembereth no more the
anguish, for joy that a man is born into the world.) (Romans 5:11 And not
only so, but we also joy in God through our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom we
have now received the atonement.)  

(Exodus 3:16 Go, and gather the elders of Israel together, and say unto
them, The LORD God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, of Isaac, and of
Jacob, appeared unto me, saying, I have surely visited you, and seen that
which is done to you in Egypt:) God sent Moses off to Egypt to free his
chosen people. Shows Jesus was the God of the patriarchs.

(Leviticus 3:16 And the priest shall burn them upon the altar: it is the
food of the offering made by fire for a sweet savour: all the fat is the
LORD'S.) This verse deals with the peace offering that is a sweet savour
to God. God gave his Son Jesus to be a sin offering for us that he might
bring us peace to those who call upon Jesus for salvation.  

(Numbers 3:16 And Moses numbered them according to the word of the LORD,
as he was commanded.) Moses numbered the Levites, the ones who served the
LORD. Jesus has also numbered those who will serve him.

(Deuteronomy 3:16 And unto the Reubenites and unto the Gadites I gave from
Gilead even unto the river Arnon half the valley, and the border even unto
the river Jabbok, which is the border of the children of Ammon;) God gave
the Jews their land.

(Joshua 3:16 That the waters which came down from above stood and rose up
upon an heap very far from the city Adam, that is beside Zaretan: and
those that came down toward the sea of the plain, even the salt sea,
failed, and were cut off: and the people passed over right against
Jericho.) God showed his omnipotence by stopping the waters of the river
Jordan when the Israelites were preparing to cross over into the Promised
Land.

(Judges 3:16 But Ehud made him a dagger which had two edges, of a cubit
length; and he did gird it under his raiment upon his right thigh.)

(Ruth 3:16 And when she came to her mother in law, she said, Who art thou,
my daughter? And she told her all that the man had done to her.) Naomi was
asking Ruth in this verse if she was engaged to Boaz. The marriage of Boaz
and Ruth showed how Gentiles are in God's plan of salvation as well and
not just Jews. Jesus would descend from the lineage of this marriage as he
is the one who unites Jews and Gentiles by his shed blood. See Ephesians
2:11-15.

(I Samuel 3:16 Then Eli called Samuel, and said, Samuel, my son. And he
answered, Here am I.) Just as Eli called Samuel, so did God who also calls
everyone to his Son Jesus and God also calls men and women to serve him.

(II Samuel 3:16 And her husband went with her along weeping behind her to
Bahurim. Then said Abner unto him, Go, return. And he returned.)

(I Kings 3:16 ¶ Then came there two women, that were harlots, unto the
king, and stood before him.) These women sought justice before Solomon and
he gave equal justice to a harlot as he did to anyone else just like Jesus
did and we should.

(II Kings 3:16 And he said, Thus saith the LORD, Make this valley full of
ditches.)

(I Chronicles 3:16 And the sons of Jehoiakim: Jeconiah his son, Zedekiah
his son.)

{II Chronicles 3:16 And he made chains, as in the oracle, and put them on
the heads of the pillars; and made an hundred pomegranates, and
put them on the chains.) These chains were attached to the pillars of the
temple and represented our union with Jesus and the hundred pomegranates
on the chains represented the fruit of the spirit. [No Ezra 3:16]

(Nehemiah 3:16 After him repaired Nehemiah the son of Azbuk, the ruler of
the half part of Beth-zur, unto the place over against the sepulchres of
David, and to the pool that was made, and unto the house of the mighty.)
This verse deals with the repair of the gate of the fountain which
represents the Christian who after being saved now grows in faith by
receiving the living water of the Holy Ghost. [John 7:38-39 38 He that
believeth on me, as the scripture hath said, out of his belly shall flow
rivers of living water.
39 (But this spake he of the Spirit, which they that believe on him should
receive: for the Holy Ghost was not yet given; because that Jesus was not
yet glorified.)] [No Esther 3:16]

(Job 3:16 Or as an hidden untimely birth I had not been; as
infants which never saw light.) Job wished he had never been born. [No
Psalm 3:16]

(Proverbs 3:16 Length of days is in her right hand; and in her left hand
riches and honour.) This verse refers to finding wisdom which everyone
needs. To find it a person needs God through his Son Jesus Christ. The
truly wise will make Jesus their Saviour and win souls for Jesus.
(Proverbs 11:30 The fruit of the righteous is a tree of life; and he that
winneth souls is wise.)

(Ecclesiastes 3:16 ¶ And moreover I saw under the sun the place of
judgment, that wickedness was there; and the place of
righteousness, that iniquity was there.) Wickedness will be judged one day
by God. It may seem like the wicked get away with things, but their day
will come. God allows the wicked around us due to sin. [No Song of Solomon
3:16]

(Isaiah 3:16 ¶ Moreover the LORD saith, Because the daughters of Zion are
haughty, and walk with stretched forth necks and wanton eyes, walking and
mincing as they go, and making a tinkling with their feet:) The women of
Jerusalem were sinful trying to lure men to them.

(Jeremiah 3:16 And it shall come to pass, when ye be multiplied and
increased in the land, in those days, saith the LORD, they shall say no
more, The ark of the covenant of the LORD: neither shall it come to mind:
neither shall they remember it; neither shall they visit it; neither
shall that be done any more.) During the Millennial kingdom the ark of the
covenant will not be remembered as it will not be needed since Jesus will
be there with the people. This is also a promise by God that the Jews will
be increased in the land again someday despite the predictions by Jeremiah
of Judah's destruction. This is seen today in Israel.

(Lamentations 3:16 He hath also broken my teeth with gravel stones, he
hath covered me with ashes.) Jeremiah represents Judah in this chapter as
God has temporary rejected Judah as his son by giving stones mixed in
their bread and covering them in ashes to humiliate them and show they
need to repent. Jesus may have meant this verse when speaking in Matthew
7:9. (Matthew 7:9 Or what man is there of you, whom if his son ask bread,
will he give him a stone?)

(Ezekiel 3:16 And it came to pass at the end of seven days, that the word
of the LORD came unto me, saying,) Ezekiel waited seven days upon the
LORD. We also need to learn to wait until God speaks to us.

(Daniel 3:16 Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego, answered and said to the
king, O Nebuchadnezzar, we are not careful to answer thee in this matter.)
These men were being threatened to be thrown in the fiery furnace if they
did not bow down to the golden image (idol). These men were saying that
they did not care that they had long ago chosen Jesus and their minds
would not be changed. Christians need to have Jesus settled in their minds
to be willing to die for Jesus if necessary just as these three Hebrew
men. [No Hosea 3:16]

(Joel 3:16 The LORD also shall roar out of Zion, and utter his voice from
Jerusalem; and the heavens and the earth shall shake: but the
LORD will be the hope of his people, and the strength of the children of
Israel.) This verse shows how Jesus will be with Israel in her battle
against the antichrist during the tribulation. With Jesus on your side you
cannot lose. (Romans 8:31 What shall we then say to these things? If God
be for us, who can be against us?) [No Amos, Obadiah, Jonah, Micah 3:16]

(Nahum 3:16 Thou hast multiplied thy merchants above the stars of heaven:
the cankerworm spoileth, and flieth away.)

(Habakkuk 3:16 When I heard, my belly trembled; my lips quivered at the
voice: rottenness entered into my bones, and I trembled in myself, that I
might rest in the day of trouble: when he cometh up unto the people, he
will invade them with his troops.) Habakkuk trembled at the coming
destruction to Judah and prayed that he might die (rest) before Judah was
destroyed or either that God would protect him during the invasion of
Judah by Babylon. We as Americans need to tremble at the coming
destruction of America if we as a nation do not repent of our sins before
a holy God.

(Zephaniah 3:16 In that day it shall be said to Jerusalem, Fear thou
not: and to Zion, Let not thine hands be slack.) Jerusalem will be God's
capital during the Millennium with Jesus ruling so the people of Jerusalem
have nothing to fear. [No Haggai, Zachariah 3:16]

(Malachi 3:16 ¶ Then they that feared the LORD spake often one to another:
and the LORD hearkened, and heard it, and a book of remembrance was
written before him for them that feared the LORD, and that thought upon
his name.) This last 3:16 verse of the old testament shows that those who
feared the LORD spoke to each other to encourage each one and they
possibly gathered to worship. God always keeps a remnant of his people.
God recorded this in a book of remembrance and probably does when we
gather together to worship him as well. Jesus said he is there when two or
three gather in his name just as he was with these Jews. I pray that
everyone listening to this sermon fears the LORD and will be found in this
book. (Matthew 18:20 For where two or three are gathered together in my
name, there am I in the midst of them.) [28 of 39 old testament books have
3:16 verses, 11 do not]

(Matthew 3:16 And Jesus, when he was baptized, went up straightway
out of the water: and, lo, the heavens were opened unto him, and he saw
the Spirit of God descending like a dove, and lighting upon him:) The
first 3:16 verse in the new testament is about the baptism of Jesus. We
see Jesus was obedient to baptism just as we should and how he was
baptized by immersion setting the example for us and how baptism
represented being buried in his future death with him and his future
resurrection giving us a new life in Jesus. We also see the Holy Ghost,
the third member of the Godhead at Jesus' baptism. It was at the baptism
of Jesus that he was given approval by God the Father to start his
ministry. Jesus was publicly anointed by the Holy Ghost as the Messiah at
his baptism. Notice how Jesus was public about it, not secret like
Mohammed who was in a cave. This is similar to the ordination of a
minister.

(Mark 3:16 And Simon he surnamed Peter;) One day Jesus will give all of us
a new name just as he gave Simon a new name. (Revelation 2:17 He that hath
an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches; To him that
overcometh will I give to eat of the hidden manna, and will give him a
white stone, and in the stone a new name written, which no man knoweth
saving he that receiveth it.)

(Luke 3:16 John answered, saying unto them all, I indeed baptize you with
water; but one mightier than I cometh, the latchet of whose shoes I am not
worthy to unloose: he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with
fire:) John the Baptist predicted the coming of Jesus who was mightier
than him and his giving us the Holy Ghost. John the Baptist realized that
he and none of us compare to Jesus as he was not even worthy to even
loosen the latchet on Jesus' shoes. We all need to humble ourselves before
Jesus just like John the Baptist did. Jesus came to baptize us with the
Holy Ghost which was completed after his ascension and he left the Holy
Ghost as our Comforter who now indwells believers at the moment of their
salvation. (John 16:7 Nevertheless I tell you the truth; It is expedient
for you that I go away: for if I go not away, the Comforter will not come
unto you; but if I depart, I will send him unto you.) Jesus baptized with
the Holy Ghost and fire on the day of Pentecost after his ascension. (Acts
2:3-4 And there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as of fire, and it
sat upon each of them.
4 And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with
other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance.)

(John 3:16 ¶ For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten
Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have
everlasting life.) John 3:16 is the quintessential verse of the bible as
it represents the whole purpose of scripture in showing that man is a
sinner and needs a Saviour in Jesus Christ to be reunited with God and
have everlasting life. This is the gospel in a nutshell. Entire sermons
could be preached on this verse. I may do one someday. Most people know
this verse, even unsaved people, or at least have heard it. If a person
has only memorized one verse in scripture, this is usually the verse. John
3:16 clearly shows that Jesus is God and is the Son of God. God so loved
mankind that in order to restore the relationship he once had with man, he
was willing to give his only begotten Son so that he could die on a cross
for our sins, be buried, and rise again so that whosever would believe in
Jesus would have everlasting life and never see spiritual death which is
the second death. (Revelation 2:11 He that hath an ear, let him hear what
the Spirit saith unto the churches; He that overcometh shall not be hurt
of the second death.) John 3:16 consists of 25 words. The number 25 means
forgiveness of sins and for those who believe in Jesus as this verse says
they will have their sins forgiven and have everlasting life. Only Jesus
as God can forgive your sins.

(Acts 3:16 And his name through faith in his name hath made this man
strong, whom ye see and know: yea, the faith which is by him hath given
him this perfect soundness in the presence of you all.) Just as the lame
man was healed, a person can only be healed by faith in Jesus. Only Jesus
can heal a person both physically and spiritually. It is only in the name
of Jesus that a person can be healed and not by any other name including
Allah or anyone else. This shows the power of the name of Jesus.
(Philippians 2:10-11 10 That at the name of Jesus every knee should bow,
of things in heaven, and things in earth, and things under the earth;
11 And that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the
glory of God the Father.)

(Romans 3:16 Destruction and misery are in their ways:) We all are sinners
and sin will only lead to death and destruction and misery as this verse
says. (Romans 3:23 For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of
God;) (Romans 6:23 For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is
eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord.)

(I Corinthians 3:16 Know ye not that ye are the temple of God,
and that the Spirit of God dwelleth in you?) When a person becomes a
Christian by asking Jesus to save them, they are immediately indwelt with
the Holy Ghost. (I Corinthians 6:19 What? know ye not that your body is
the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you, which ye have of God, and ye
are not your own?) This verse shows the omnipresence of God the Holy Ghost
and should be a comfort to all believers knowing that God is with us at
all times even when we have been abandoned by people. This verse should
also be a reminder for all of us to take care of our bodies since they are
a temple of God. Christians should not be using harmful substances such as
drugs, alcohol, tobacco, or vaping or eating lots of junk food and other
food that is bad for your health. Do not abuse your body by doing harm to
it and Christians should never attempt suicide. Do not defile it with
tattoos and body piercings. God warns in verse 17 that anyone who defiles
the temple (our bodies), God will destroy. I believe many Christians have
died of disease or other means because of defiling their bodies.

(II Corinthians 3:16 Nevertheless when it shall turn to the Lord, the vail
shall be taken away.) Israel will one day during the tribulation have her
eyes opened and the vail removed from her eyes and will see that Jesus is
her Messiah and Saviour.

(Galatians 3:16 Now to Abraham and his seed were the promises made. He
saith not, And to seeds, as of many; but as of one, And to thy seed, which
is Christ.) This verse shows that the promise of the coming Messiah and
Saviour Jesus Christ was promised to Abraham and his seed. The promise was
not to all of Abraham's seed such as his children from Hagar or Keturah.
This promise was made through Isaac, not Ishmael as the Muslims say and
through Jacob, not Esau whom God hated. (Romans 9:13 As it is written,
Jacob have I loved, but Esau have I hated.) (Romans 9:7 Neither, because
they are the seed of Abraham, are they all children: but, In Isaac shall
thy seed be called.) This verse clearly shows that the promise was only
made through one particular seed and that seed was Jesus. This also
matches the prophecy of Genesis 3:15 which also says seed, not seeds.
(Genesis 3:15 And I will put enmity between thee and the woman, and
between thy seed and her seed; it shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt
bruise his heel.) Most of the new corrupt bibles will change seed to
descendant or offspring which destroys the connection to Genesis 3:15.
Salvation is only by one man, Jesus Christ, not just any man or many men
as some religions teach. (Romans 10:13 For whosoever shall call upon the
name of the Lord shall be saved.)

(Ephesians 3:16 That he would grant you, according to the riches of his
glory, to be strengthened with might by his Spirit in the inner man;) This
verse shows how a Christian's spirit is strengthened by the Holy Ghost and
how a Christian has access to all of the riches of God's glory and power.
(II Thessalonians 2:14 Whereunto he called you by our gospel, to the
obtaining of the glory of our Lord Jesus Christ.)

(Philippians 3:16 Nevertheless, whereto we have already attained, let us
walk by the same rule, let us mind the same thing.) Let us walk and live
our lives like Jesus. 

(Colossians 3:16 Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly in all wisdom;
teaching and admonishing one another in psalms and hymns and spiritual
songs, singing with grace in your hearts to the Lord.) This verse shows
the importance of good godly music for worshipping. Godly music should be
a part of the service as much as the sermon, though not replace the
sermon. A person can be taught doctrine from psalms which are scripture as
well as from many godly hymns and spiritual songs. Be careful that not all
hymns have correct doctrine and unfortunately have misled people over the
years. Godly music should first and foremost honor and glorify God and be
based off of scripture so that it may as this verse says teach us. This
verse also shows how wise people will let the word of Christ as found in
scripture dwell in them. Christians need to absorb scripture in order to
gain wisdom and the wise person will have asked Jesus to save them. [No I
Thessalonians 3:16]

(II Thessalonians 3:16 Now the Lord of peace himself give you peace always
by all means. The Lord be with you all.) Paul wished the peace of Jesus on
everyone including his enemies. Jesus is the only one who can bring us
true peace. This does not mean that we will not be attacked by our
enemies, but true inner peace can only come from Jesus. This is another
reason why people need to get saved as only saved people will have peace
in eternity, while the unsaved will burn in the lake of fire.

(I Timothy 3:16 And without controversy great is the mystery of godliness:
God was manifest in the flesh, justified in the Spirit, seen of angels,
preached unto the Gentiles, believed on in the world, received up into
glory.) This verse gives a quick rundown of the life of Jesus. God was
manifest (made known) in the flesh in the form of Jesus, the God-man.
Jesus became 100% man, but was still 100% God at the same time. (John 1:14
And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory,
the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and
truth.) This verse starts out "without controversy" in showing how for a
person that professes to be a Christian, there should be no doubt that
Jesus as God came in the flesh despite what some cults teach. Jesus was
justified in the Spirit when he was endorsed and proclaimed by the Holy
Ghost. (Acts 10:38 How God anointed Jesus of Nazareth with the Holy Ghost
and with power: who went about doing good, and healing all that were
oppressed of the devil; for God was with him.) Jesus was seen of angels
throughout his life; his birth, his life such as when he was in the
wilderness and elsewhere such as when praying before going to the cross,
at his crucifixion, resurrection, and ascension as well as when he
preached to the spirits in hell during his three days in the grave. (Luke
2:13 And suddenly there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly
host praising God, and saying,) (Matthew 4:11 Then the devil leaveth him,
and, behold, angels came and ministered unto him.) (Luke 22:43 And there
appeared an angel unto him from heaven, strengthening him.) (John 20:12
And seeth two angels in white sitting, the one at the head, and the other
at the feet, where the body of Jesus had lain.) (Acts 1:10 And while they
looked stedfastly toward heaven as he went up, behold, two men stood by
them in white apparel;) Jesus preached unto Gentiles such as the Roman
centurion [Matthew 8:5-13], the Samaritan woman [John 4:4-42], the
Canaanite woman [Matthew 15:21-28], and later after his resurrection Paul
became the apostle to Gentiles to preach to them about Jesus. Jesus was
not only believed on by people he preached to, but today people still
believe on him. This verse shows Jesus was received up into glory at his
ascension to sit at the right hand of God the Father. (Mark 16:19 ¶ So
then after the Lord had spoken unto them, he was received up into heaven,
and sat on the right hand of God.) The mystery of godliness refers to the
lack of understanding of the cross that is now revealed through Jesus.  

(II Timothy 3:16 All scripture is given by inspiration of God,
and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for
instruction in righteousness:) This verse clearly shows that all scripture
is not only given by God, but is inspired (God breathed) and without error
despite what many teach. The King James Bible is God's preserved holy
words and is inspired, inerrant, and infallible just as the originals
were. God spoke the words to holy men of God who then wrote them down. (II
Peter 1:21 For the prophecy came not in old time by the will of man: but
holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost.) This verse
shows how we must get our doctrine from scripture, not from man or an
angel as is done in cults and false religions. Scripture will convict and
rebuke us of our sins (reproof), will correct us in our errors in doctrine
or our sinful lives and put us on the right path. Scripture will instruct
us in righteousness. Scripture can only do these things if someone reads
scripture. [No Titus, Philemon 3:16]

(Hebrews 3:16 For some, when they had heard, did provoke: howbeit not all
that came out of Egypt by Moses.) Not everyone who came out of Egypt
provoked God such as Joshua and Caleb. God always has a remnant of people
for him that hear and obey unlike most people who hear, but reject God and
his Son Jesus. Just as Hebrews 3:19 says the people could not enter the
Promised Land because of unbelief, neither can a person enter heaven
without belief in Jesus. This is more than believing in Jesus as the
devils do, but rather placing ones trust in Jesus. Just believing in Jesus
as the devils do who know he is real without fully trusting in Jesus will
land a person in hell. (James 2:19 Thou believest that there is one God;
thou doest well: the devils also believe, and tremble.)

(James 3:16 For where envying and strife is, there is confusion and every
evil work.) Envying and strife will only lead to evil work whether against
saved or unsaved. Our focus must always be on Jesus in order to reduce
strife. We must never be envious of other Christians or churches or this
will just bring about evil works instead of glorifying Jesus as we should.

(I Peter 3:16 Having a good conscience; that, whereas they speak evil of
you, as of evildoers, they may be ashamed that falsely accuse your good
conversation in Christ.) This verse shows that we may be spoken of in an
evil manner by evildoers for living a godly life, but if we continue to
live righteously (keep our conscience clean), our lives will ultimately
prove our accusers wrong not only about us, but God as well. Let us always
live a godly life that may prove our accusers wrong. Verse 15 says we need
to always be ready to answer people for the hope that is in us. That hope
is Jesus and the best way we can do that is by verse 16 and living a godly
life. (I Peter 4:14 If ye be reproached for the name of Christ, happy are
ye; for the spirit of glory and of God resteth upon you: on their part he
is evil spoken of, but on your part he is glorified.)

(II Peter 3:16 As also in all his epistles, speaking in them of these
things; in which are some things hard to be understood, which they that
are unlearned and unstable wrest, as they do also the other scriptures,
unto their own destruction.) Peter tells us in this verse that Paul's
writings are scripture, but that some teachings are hard to understand.
The last part of the verse says that we need to not do as some people do
and twist scripture to try and make it say something it does not in order
to justify some false doctrine. This is what cults do as well as people
who are convicted by a certain scripture of their sin.

(I John 3:16 Hereby perceive we the love of God, because he laid down his
life for us: and we ought to lay down our lives for the brethren.) Jesus
as God so loved us that he laid down his life for us sinners that we might
have everlasting life if we call upon him. Jesus said we also should have
the love for our brethren Christians that we would also be willing to die
for them just as he died for us. Jesus set the example for us by giving
the most precious thing that anyone can give, their life. (John 15:13
Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his
friends.) Christians can perceive (become aware of) the love of God by
reading scripture and growing as a Christian.  [No II John, III John, Jude
3:16]

(Revelation 3:16 So then because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor
hot, I will spue thee out of my mouth.) God does not like lukewarm people
or churches. He rejects them (spues them out of his mouth). God does not
want people on the fence. He wants us to pick a side, either Jesus or
Satan. Jesus said the lukewarm may not have fully rejected him, but in
God's eyes they have. In God's eyes if you have not chosen Jesus, you have
chosen Satan. We as Christians need to always stand on the side of God and
always spread the gospel. We should never be afraid to stand for the
truth. Too many professing Christians just have an I do not care attitude
(lukewarm). Christians do not be lukewarm or God will spue you out as this
final 3:16 verse warns. Churches need to do the same by standing for what
scripture says and not being indecisive on issues. Too many churches try
to avoid controversial issues such as the LGBTQ movement when God says
"are you on my side or not". [21 of 27 new testament books have 3:16
verses, 6 do not]   

Let these 49 3:16 verses motivate Christians to love Jesus and their
brother and sister Christians as well as the world by witnessing about
Jesus and to stay strong and live godly lives and do not become lukewarm
and be spued out by God. For the unsaved do not make the death of Jesus
for nought. Do not remain lukewarm. Pick the winning side by picking Jesus
as your Saviour by repenting of your sins and calling Jesus to be your
Saviour before it is too late. 

Post navigation
← Previous Page
Next Page →
Search for: _____________________  [ Search ]

Recent Comments

Archives

Categories

• No categories

Meta

• Log in
• Entries feed
• Comments feed
• WordPress.org

Created my free logo at LogoMakr.com

Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Copyright (c) 2024 Jesus is God and Lord Ministries | Credits
Powered by Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

