Link: profile
Link: dns-prefetch
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Feed (alternate)
Link: Jesus is God and Lord Ministries » Comments Feed (alternate)
Link: preconnect
Link: preconnect
Link: https://api.w.org/
Link: alternate
Link: RSD (EditURI)
Link: canonical
Link: shortlink
Link: alternate
Link: alternate
Skip to content
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries
Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Ye Must Be Born Again

Main Menu

• HOME
• STORE
• ABOUT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD MINISTRIES
• BELIEFS
• CONTACT
• KING JAMES BIBLE TO READ AND LISTEN TO
• KING JAMES BIBLE WORDS AND PHRASES DEFINED
• WHY WE MUST BE BORN AGAIN
• WHAT MUST I DO TO BE SAVED (BE BORN AGAIN), HAVE ETERNAL LIFE AND GO
TO HEAVEN?
• NOW THAT I AM A BORN AGAIN CHRISTIAN, HOW DO I GROW (MATURE)?
• PROOF THAT JESUS IS GOD AND LORD
• SERMONS AND SCRIPTURE LESSONSMenu Toggle

• 3:16 Verses
• Abraham the obedient father and type of God the Father
• According to the word of the LORD
• Alleged Contradictions in Scripture
• Angels and spiritual beings
• Animals Teaching Man  
• Be like Jesus
• Be Thankful
• Bread in Scripture
• Christian Martyrs for Jesus
• Colors in Scripture
• Curse Israel and you will be cursed
• Dangers of Calvinism
• Deadliest battles in scripture
• Deserts in scripture and in our lives
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism
• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freedom and Liberty come from God
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise
• From the resurrection to the ascension
• Genealogies of Jesus
• Gifts of the Holy Ghost
• God is Light
• God is Love
• God the Holy Ghost
• Halloween and the connection to Satan
• Honour Thy Mother
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus is the door that all must enter for everlasting life
• Jesus is the Light of the World and Christians Should Reflect
that Light
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jesus versus Mohammad
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Jonah
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Jude
• Malachi   
• Martyrs in the Lord's Army
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Nahum
• Nehemiah 3 and the ten gates of the Jerusalem wall
• Obadiah
• Our Nation Was Founded Upon God
• Philemon
• Prayer
• Pre-incarnate Appearances of Jesus (Theophanies)
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Proof that Jesus is God
• Prophecies Fulfilled by Jesus at his First Coming
• Prophecies of the Second Coming of Jesus
• Psalm 23
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines
• Santa is Satan and his little elves are devils
• Serve in the Lord's Army
• Seven Vial Judgments of Revelation
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  
• Star of Bethlehem
• Thankful people in scripture  
• The Battle of Gog and Magog
• The Books of God
• The Crucifixion of Jesus
• The Egyptian gods and goddesses of the ten plagues and their
judgment and defeat by the God of gods
• The Exodus   
• The Good Samaritan
• The Gospel in Stone
• The Gospel in the Stars
• The Greatest Father Anyone Can Have And Everyone Needs
• The Handwriting of God
• The Illegal Trial of Jesus
• The King James Bible Built-in Dictionary
• The Miracles at the Crucifixion of Jesus
• The New Year's resolutions that need to be kept
• The Number Seven in Scripture
• The Number Three in Scripture  
• The Riotous Son
• The True Creationism of the Scriptures versus False Theories
• The Unscriptural Flat Earth Theory
• The Unscriptural Lucifer Flood  
• The Widow Woman and the Oil  
• The Word Became Flesh
• Types of the Holy Ghost in scripture
• Was Jesus born on Christmas?
• Was Jesus Crucified on Friday?
• Water in Scripture
• Weather in scripture
• Who are the sons of God of Genesis 6?
• Work is from God
• Worshipping God in psalms, hymns, and spiritual songs
• Zephaniah

• VIDEOS
• HYMNS
• FOR PRECIOUS JEWISH SOULSMenu Toggle

• Meet the Jewish Messiah
• False Religion of Judaism
• Isaiah 53
• Jesus in the feasts of Passover and Unleavened Bread
• Jesus in the feast of firstfruits
• Jesus in the feast of Pentecost
• Jesus in the feast of trumpets
• Jesus in the day of atonement
• Jesus in the Feast of Tabernacles
• Jesus in Hanukkah
• Jesus in the feast of Purim
• Jesus in the Lord's supper or communion
• Jesus in the Tabernacle
• Jesus as the Temple
• Jesus represented in the sabbath
• Jewish tragedies on the 9th of Av
• Joseph as a type of Jesus
• Moses as a type of Jesus
• Proof that God exists in two words: the Jews
• Significant events that happened on 17 Nisan  

• FOR PRECIOUS ROMAN CATHOLIC SOULSMenu Toggle

• False Doctrines of Roman Catholicism
• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• CULTSMenu Toggle

• Roman CatholicismMenu Toggle

• Roman Catholicism and her False Doctrines

• False Doctrines of Mormonism
• False Doctrines of Jehovah's Witnesses
• False Doctrines of Seventh-day Adventism

• FALSE RELIGIONSMenu Toggle

• False Religion of Buddhism
• False Religion of Hinduism
• False Religion of Islam
• False Religion of Judaism
• Freemasonry is Satanism in Disguise

• RECOMMENDED BOOKS FOR READING
• LINKS
• CHECKOUT
• New items are available in the store for purchase.

0

Who are the sons of God of Genesis 6?

This is a highly controversial subject that most Christians try to
avoid since they do not want to accept the truth. It is a very important
subject in God's eyes as I have counted over 6% of all verses are directly
or indirectly related to this study if my beliefs are correct. I also
believe that this relates to things still to come. The giants are
mentioned many times in scripture and the sons of God are in Genesis 6.
God commands us to study all scripture and says it is his word. We are not
given the option to avoid a subject that we find repulsive or just do not
want to believe and so change our views or just ignore it. Christians
should not hate a brother or sister in Christ because they hold a
different view, but rebuke them in love and show them what scripture says.
The angel view is the only one that allows all verses in scripture to make
sense without trying to find different reasons to explain different views
as are done in the non angel views.

Genesis 6:1-13 1 And it came to pass, when men began to multiply on the
face of the earth, and daughters were born unto them,
2 That the sons of God saw the daughters of men that they were fair; and
they took them wives of all which they chose.
3 And the LORD said, My spirit shall not always strive with man, for that
he also is flesh: yet his days shall be an hundred and twenty years.
4 There were giants in the earth in those days; and also after that, when
the sons of God came in unto the daughters of men, and they bare children
to them, the same became mighty men which were of old, men of renown.

5 ¶ And GOD saw that the wickedness of man was great in the earth, and
that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil
continually.
6 And it repented the LORD that he had made man on the earth, and it
grieved him at his heart.
7 And the LORD said, I will destroy man whom I have created from the face
of the earth; both man, and beast, and the creeping thing, and the fowls
of the air; for it repenteth me that I have made them.
8 But Noah found grace in the eyes of the LORD.

9 ¶ These are the generations of Noah: Noah was a just man and perfect in
his generations, and Noah walked with God.
10 And Noah begat three sons, Shem, Ham, and Japheth.
11 The earth also was corrupt before God, and the earth was filled with
violence.
12 And God looked upon the earth, and, behold, it was corrupt; for all
flesh had corrupted his way upon the earth.
13 And God said unto Noah, The end of all flesh is come before me; for the
earth is filled with violence through them; and, behold, I will destroy
them with the earth.

Who are the sons of God of Genesis 6:2 and 4?

There are four main theories (views) presented as to who Genesis 6 is
referring to: (Note not everyone who believes in a particular view, all
agree on everything.)

1. A very few orthodox Jews theorized that "sons of God" meant "nobles"
or "magnates" (the rulers who were sometimes named after their false
gods). Hardly anyone today accepts this view. (Royalty view) This view
is unscriptural. Gary Bates mentions how those who believe in this
view say the "mighty men" mentioned in Genesis 6:4 refers to rulers
though scripture says it refers to the giants. All of the offspring
(giants) from the marriages seem to have been male. A normal male and
female will produce both sexes. Why would rulers only produce males
and not any females? There are no scripture verses that say kings were
sons of God.
2. That sons of God refers to fallen angels who had sexual relations with
women on Earth after having lusted after them. Many people try to
reject this option simply because they cannot believe or do not want
to believe that angels could have sex with earthly women. This is
called rejecting on psychophysiological grounds. Others say how in
Matthew 22:30 it says angels do not marry, but this refers to holy
angels of God in heaven as God intended all angels to be, and not the
unholy evil fallen angels. They ignore the part "of God in heaven".
The angels of Genesis 6 were fallen angels who had left heaven and had
already disobeyed God before. (Matthew 22:30 For in the resurrection
they neither marry, nor are given in marriage, but are as the angels
of God in heaven.) (Mark 12:25 For when they shall rise from the dead,
they neither marry, nor are given in marriage; but are as the angels
which are in heaven.) We know angels can take the form of man (or that
may be their normal spiritual body) and can eat so should also be able
to perform sexually. We see this with the angels who visited Lot.
(Genesis 18) Hebrews 13:2 says people have entertained angels unaware.
(Hebrews 13:2 Be not forgetful to entertain strangers: for thereby
some have entertained angels unawares.) The women may not have known
the men were actually angels though I believe they most likely did. An
adaptation of this view is some wrongly believe it was actual men and
women, but evil angels possessed the men, rather than the angels
actually themselves having sex with the women. Some who hold to the
Seth-Cain view try to say that no where in scripture does it say
angels make baby angels. Those of us who hold to the angel view never
said they did. They are just trying to come up with a silly argument
to try and justify their position. This is the oldest view as it is
the true view. (Fallen angel view)
3. The third view (Seth-Cain view) (Sethite view) is that the sons of God
are the male descendants of Seth and the daughters of men are the
female descendants of Cain. This view is more recent than the angel
view. Those who believe this view see this as an early example of
marriage between saved and unsaved. They believe the good moral sons
of Seth married the bad evil daughters of Cain and the result of these
mixed marriages was a mongrel offspring (the giants). Some who hold
this view do not know where the giants came from even though scripture
is clear it is from these unholy unions. This view is clearly
unscriptural. Nowhere in the Holy Bible does God prohibit or condemn
mixed marriages except those who are unequally yoked. (II Corinthians
6:14 Be ye not unequally yoked together with unbelievers: for what
fellowship hath righteousness with unrighteousness? and what communion
hath light with darkness?) (marriage between saved and unsaved). God
condemns marriage between saved and unsaved, but has never flooded the
earth or destroyed all of mankind or sent angels to the bottomless pit
over it. It still happens today. Why would God do it once, but not
destroy mankind the other times for continuing to do it. God is
consistent and would have destroyed the earth many times over. If sons
of God refers to sons of Seth and daughters of men is daughters of
Cain then only the sons of Seth and the daughters of Cain were
involved in the mixed marriages and not Seth's daughters or Cain's
sons. This also assumes only the sons of Seth were godly and the
daughters of Cain were evil and all of them as well. It is not
possible that all of Seth's sons were good and all of Cain's daughters
were bad anymore than all of a Christian's children today
automatically become Christians or an unsaved persons children will
always be unsaved. Genesis 6:12 says all flesh had corrupted his way
upon the earth. (Genesis 6:12 And God looked upon the earth, and,
behold, it was corrupt; for all flesh had corrupted his way upon the
earth.) All flesh includes all of the children of Adam including the
children descendant from Seth. If the line of Seth was so godly why
was Noah's family the only one found worthy by God to live? Why did
Noah's brothers and sisters perish if they were godly? (Genesis 5:30
And Lamech lived after he begat Noah five hundred ninety and five
years, and begat sons and daughters:) They also were descendants of
Seth. Why does Genesis 6:1 refer to men as men, but then as sons of
God in Genesis 6:2. If they both referred to men, why the change? Why
would only the sons of Seth be godly and only the daughters of Cain be
evil? What about the daughters of Seth and the sons of Cain? Godly or
ungodly? Gary Bates in his book Alien Intrusion shows how in the
Hebrew, (B'nai HaElohim, "Sons of Elohim" or "Sons of God") it uses
the word for God and not Adam for sons of God whereas for daughters of
men it does use the word for Adam. Why the difference if both are
referring to people? (Pg. 382) This view never mentions the other
children descendant from Adam's other sons and daughters. Were they
godly or ungodly?
4. A fourth view is not very popular. (Cain-Seth view) (Cainite view) It
is more recent and basically the opposite of view three above. This
view says the sons of God are the male descendants of Cain and the
daughters of men are the daughters descendant of Seth. This view also
is unscriptural.

Sons of God has 3 possible choices (angels, Adam, believers)

1. Adam was the son of God as a direct creation of God (Luke 3:38 Which
was the son of Enos, which was the son of Seth, which was the son of
Adam, which was the son of God.). All the rest of mankind are sons of
men. Adam was specifically created by God in his image (Genesis 5:1
This is the book of the generations of Adam. In the day that God
created man, in the likeness of God made he him;). Adam's descendants
are made in the image of man (Genesis 5:3 ¶ And Adam lived an hundred
and thirty years, and begat a son in his own likeness, after his
image; and called his name Seth:) This is why man is born with a sin
nature since the sin of Adam.
2. Sons of God in the Old Testament always refers to angels (both holy
and evil). (Job 1:6 ¶ Now there was a day when the sons of God came to
present themselves before the LORD, and Satan came also among them.),
(Job 2:1 Again there was a day when the sons of God came to present
themselves before the LORD, and Satan came also among them to present
himself before the LORD.), and (Job 38:7 When the morning stars sang
together, and all the sons of God shouted for joy?), and (Genesis 6:2
That the sons of God saw the daughters of men that they were fair; and
they took them wives of all which they chose.), (Genesis 6:4 There
were giants in the earth in those days; and also after that, when the
sons of God came in unto the daughters of men, and they bare children
to them, the same became mighty men which were of old, men of
renown.). In Job 38:4-7 the sons of God saw God lay the foundations of
earth. Man wasn't created yet. (Job 38:4-7 4 Where wast thou when I
laid the foundations of the earth? declare, if thou hast
understanding. 5 Who hath laid the measures thereof, if thou knowest?
or who hath stretched the line upon it? 6 Whereupon are the
foundations thereof fastened? or who laid the corner stone thereof; 7
When the morning stars sang together, and all the sons of God shouted
for joy?) The sons of God in Job 1:6 and 2:1 present themselves before
God and include Satan who is an angel. Since all other Old Testament
verses refer to angels, it is logical to see Genesis 6:2 does as well.
Those who hold to the Seth-Cain view admit the sons of God in Job are
angels, but refuse to admit the sons of God in Genesis are angels. It
is the same word, they just are grossed out by the truth, so therefore
they feel justified to come up with an alternative false view.
3. In the New Testament, sons of God refers to born again Christians.
John 1:12-13., Romans 8:14, 1 John 3:1. Dr. Bullinger stated "It is
only by the divine specific creation that any created being can be
called a "son of God"". This explains why every born again Christian
(believer) is a son of God. It explains also why Adam was a son of God
since Adam was specifically created by God "in the likeness of God
made he him". (Genesis 5:1) and (Genesis 1:27 So God created man in
his own image, in the image of God created he him; male and female
created he them.). Lewis Sperry Chafer expressed an interesting fact.
In the Old Testament angels are called the sons of God and men are
called servants of God. In the New Testament this is reversed. Angels
are the servants and Christians are the sons of God. Of the 3 choices
above, Adam, angels, or Christians, it is clear Genesis 6:2, 4 does
not refer to Adam or Christians since Jesus had not been to Calvary
yet. Therefore we can conclude that it is referring to angels. People
who are saved become like angels in being sons of God. Angels were
originally higher beings than us, but one day we as Christians will be
higher than them and will also judge them, therefore we also become
sons of God and the New Testament which is about Christians no longer
refers to angels this way. (I Corinthians 6:3 Know ye not that we
shall judge angels? how much more things that pertain to this life?)
Christians after getting saved and then getting our glorified bodies
will be like the angels and thus also are sons of God.

Jude 6-7 and II Peter 2:4 refers to the angels of Genesis 6:2. (Jude
6-7 And the angels which kept not their first estate, but left their own
habitation, he hath reserved in everlasting chains under darkness unto the
judgment of the great day.
7 Even as Sodom and Gomorrha, and the cities about them in like manner,
giving themselves over to fornication, and going after strange flesh, are
set forth for an example, suffering the vengeance of eternal fire.) (II
Peter 2:4 For if God spared not the angels that sinned, but cast them down
to hell, and delivered them into chains of darkness, to be reserved unto
judgment;) Jude mentions Sodom and Gomorrah and their fornication with
strange flesh. The angels in verse 6 are being compared to the men of
Sodom and Gomorrah in verse 7 and how they went after strange flesh when
men went after men instead of the God ordained women. (sodomy or
homosexuality) They also tried to have sex with the angels that came to
get Lot out, though they probably did not know they were angels, but may
have. The angels in verse 6 also went after strange flesh in going after
women. In Jude 6 it mentions how the angels kept not their first estate
but left their own habitation. The habitation or dwelling place of angels
is heaven. Their own (Greek word idi) refers to the fact that heaven was
made for the angels, earth for man. Even when we get a new earth, man will
be on earth. (Revelation 21:1-3 1 And I saw a new heaven and a new earth:
for the first heaven and the first earth were passed away; and there was
no more sea.
2 And I John saw the holy city, new Jerusalem, coming down from God out of
heaven, prepared as a bride adorned for her husband.
3 And I heard a great voice out of heaven saying, Behold, the tabernacle
of God is with men, and he will dwell with them, and they shall be his
people, and God himself shall be with them, and be their God.). These
angels left heaven forever. The Greek verb apoleipo is in the aorist tense
(past action in Greek verbs) which indicates a permanent decision. We know
their sin from Jude 7 was going after strange flesh. "Strange" here means
a different kind. II Peter 2:4-6 has the angels that sinned (all sinned in
rebellion against God, but only some are chained up. Why?) compared to
Noah and then sexual sins of Sodom and Gomorrah. (II Peter 2:4-6 4 For if
God spared not the angels that sinned, but cast them down to hell, and
delivered them into chains of darkness, to be reserved unto judgment;
5 And spared not the old world, but saved Noah the eighth person, a
preacher of righteousness, bringing in the flood upon the world of the
ungodly;
6 And turning the cities of Sodom and Gomorrha into ashes condemned them
with an overthrow, making them an ensample unto those that after should
live ungodly;) These verses show the connection to angels at the time of
Noah prior to the flood. I believe their sin led to the flood as they
corrupted all mankind along with their giant offspring. These angels are
locked up because they tried to corrupt all mankind and prevent Jesus from
coming to earth as a man and complete his redemption plan. This is also
why Satan had angels do this a second time after the flood, but this time
only in the area that would become the Promised Land. The reason for this
is because prior to the flood Satan did not know from where the seed of
the woman would come, so he had to corrupt all of the earth. After the
flood he knew the Messiah would come through Abraham in the land promised
to him and his descendants. This was the Promised Land. That is why the
giants were already in this land prior to the entrance of the Jews and not
found everywhere as before the flood. Notice that God not only will judge
all people, but that angels are also judged as these angels already have
been and all angels will be some day. (I Corinthians 6:3 Know ye not that
we shall judge angels? how much more things that pertain to this life?)
Chuck Missler in his book Hidden Treasures says Jared's name means "shall
come down". He believes this refers to the time that the angels came down
to mate (have sex) with the women. Jared was Enoch's dad. Jesus said in
(Matthew 18:16 But if he will not hear thee, then take with thee one or
two more, that in the mouth of two or three witnesses every word may be
established.) The verses in Jude and II Peter are witnesses to Genesis 6
in the Old Testament. Chuck Missler in his book Alien Encounters said the
Greek term oiketerion alludes to the heavenly body which a believer longs
to be clothed with. This term is also the same one used for the angels
that disrobed from in Genesis 6:2. This term is only used in II
Corinthians 5:2 and Jude 6. (Page 351 and page 357) It is possible that
once these angels committed this atrocious sin of mating with women, that
they knew they could never be a normal angel again. Maybe somehow they
were changed. (II Corinthians 5:2 For in this we groan, earnestly desiring
to be clothed upon with our house which is from heaven:)

I Corinthians 11:6, 10 probably refers to these fallen angels as
well. It says a woman ought to cover her head unless shaven because of the
angels. An old rabbinic tradition alleges that the beauty of the women's
long hair attracted the angels of Genesis 6. (Most men are also attracted
by women's long hair). (I Corinthians 11:6 For if the woman be not
covered, let her also be shorn: but if it be a shame for a woman to be
shorn or shaven, let her be covered.) (I Corinthians 11:10 For this cause
ought the woman to have power on her head because of the angels.) Verse 10
cannot be explained except for the angel view of Genesis 6:2. I have never
come across anyone who has an explanation for it. It seems like a random
verse, but makes perfect sense if you believe scripture and the sin of the
evil angels of Genesis 6.

God's law of reproduction states that things reproduce "everything
after his kind". The marriage of the angels with the women produced
offspring of giants with special talents. This was against God's design.
The giants (Hebrew word Nephilim) of the Holy Bible could not have been
produced by normal men and women (Seth-Cain theory). Many extremely large
skeletons and footprints have been found so we know the Holy Bible was
referring to true giants not just famous people (mighty men of renown as
the Holy Bible says). The giants in the Holy Bible have great strength.
Angels are known for their power and are referred to as sons of the mighty
in Psalm 89:6. (Psalm 89:6 For who in the heaven can be compared unto the
LORD? who among the sons of the mighty can be likened unto the LORD?)
(Psalm 103:20 Bless the LORD, ye his angels, that excel in strength, that
do his commandments, hearkening unto the voice of his word.) It is
reasonable to assume their offspring would have some of this power as the
giants did. There is no scriptural evidence of believers and unbelievers
producing giants (as in the Seth-Cain theory). Numbers 13:33 mentions how
the Israelites appeared as grasshoppers in the giants sight in the land of
Canaan. Other verses mention their height and strength such as Goliath (9
feet 9 inches tall) and his brothers, or the king of Og. (about 12-12.5
ft. tall). These were giants after the flood and most likely were shorter
than the pre-flood giants. (I Samuel 17:4 ¶ And there went out a champion
out of the camp of the Philistines, named Goliath, of Gath, whose height
was six cubits and a span.) [A cubit is about 18 inches or 45.72
centimeters] The bed of Og was 13.5 feet long and 6 feet wide. Most beds
are made no more than a foot longer than the individual so I am sure he
was at least 12-12.5 feet tall. His bed was also made of iron showing it
had to be strong to support his weight. (Deuteronomy 3:11 For only Og king
of Bashan remained of the remnant of giants; behold, his bedstead was a
bedstead of iron; is it not in Rabbath of the children of Ammon? nine
cubits was the length thereof, and four cubits the breadth of it, after
the cubit of a man.) Note that tall people exist today, but they are not
as tall as these giants nor as strong. Most are on the skinnier size and
feeble and many die young. The giants in scripture were not. Look at the
weight of the armour of Goliath for example. It takes great strength to
not only wear it, but move and fight in it without being worn out. (I
Samuel 17:4-7 4 ¶ And there went out a champion out of the camp of the
Philistines, named Goliath, of Gath, whose height was six cubits and a
span.
5 And he had an helmet of brass upon his head, and he was armed with a
coat of mail; and the weight of the coat was five thousand shekels of
brass.
6 And he had greaves of brass upon his legs, and a target of brass between
his shoulders.
7 And the staff of his spear was like a weaver's beam; and his spear's
head weighed six hundred shekels of iron: and one bearing a shield went
before him.) Chuck Missler mentioned in his DVD "Return of the Nephilim"
how the disputed areas in Israel today (West Bank, Gaza Strip and Golan
Heights) are the same areas that the Israelites failed to kill off in the
book of Joshua as God had told them to. Pastor Michael Hoggard of Bethel
Church in Festus, Missouri in a Watchman Broadcast YouTube video called
Giant Problem said that in theory if the giants were actually on the ratio
of grasshoppers to people that they may have been 36 times taller than the
average 6 foot person with a height of 216 feet. Also it says the sons of
God took the women so they may have had sex unwillingly. He also said that
the original giants were probably very tall and as those giants had
children with a woman the new giants were shorter and this continued. This
is seen as Og was about 13.5 feet tall and Goliath was only 9 feet 9
inches tall. Four is the number for the gospel and Satan uses it for his
false gospel and for the future fourth kingdom, the kingdom of angels.
Daniel chapter 7 says the fourth beast is the fourth kingdom (antichrist).
Daniel 2:43 also says the fourth kingdom will be angels mating again with
women. The Holy Bible only mentions male giants. {also only male angels}
(From an April 2019 YouTube video.) (Daniel 2:43 And whereas thou sawest
iron mixed with miry clay, they shall mingle themselves with the seed of
men: but they shall not cleave one to another, even as iron is not mixed
with clay.) Notice in this verse the phrase "they shall mingle themselves
with the seed of men". If this was only speaking of earthly kingdoms as
many people believe, then there would be no need to say the seed of men as
all children from a man and a woman are of the "seed of men". This refers
to angels again having sex with women. The two were not intended to be
mixed according to God's plan, just as iron and clay do not mix. Amos 2:9
says the Amorite was as tall as cedar trees and as strong as oaks. (Cedar
trees can grow up to 180 feet, which is 30 times taller than the average 6
foot man and makes that man a grasshopper in their sight.) (Amos 2:9 ¶ Yet
destroyed I the Amorite before them, whose height was like the height of
the cedars, and he was strong as the oaks; yet I destroyed his fruit from
above, and his roots from beneath.) [This verse in God's word may back up
Pastor Hoggard believing that some of the giants may have been up to 216
feet. Many say these claims are outrageous, but scripture is always to be
taken literally unless it tells you it is speaking metaphorically or
symbolically. A giant at even the size of Og around 13.5 feet is very tall
compared to a 6 foot man, but not that much bigger to say you look like a
grasshopper compared to them.] Were the giants known as "men of renown"
not only because of their physical height and size, but because they were
so wicked and also possessed some of the strength and size of their dads
(angels)? I believe this is so. Gary Bates said maybe even some of the
knowledge of the angels. The Seth-Cain theory has no explanation why
ungodly marriages would produce "men of renown" or where they came from if
not from these marriages. Some of the groups of giants (races) mentioned
in scripture are the Anakims, Rephaims, Zuzims and Emims.

God flooded the earth to destroy all of mankind that was polluted
except Noah and his family. Genesis 6:9 says Noah was perfect in his
generations. (Genesis 6:9 ¶ These are the generations of Noah: Noah was a
just man and perfect in his generations, and Noah walked with God.) This
refers to the fact that his family DNA had not been corrupted by the
angelic DNA. Most people miss or ignore the part that says in his
generations. This is often removed or changed to a different meaning in
the false bibles. We know Noah was not perfect as a person as he got drunk
after the flood and no man is perfect and that is why all need to be saved
by the blood of Jesus. (Genesis 9:21 And he drank of the wine, and was
drunken; and he was uncovered within his tent.) I believe this is also why
the Israelites were also usually commanded to kill all of the men, women,
and children and often the animals as well wherever the giants were as
their DNA was corrupted again by angels after the flood. (It is possible
that the giants were cannibals and even the animals were corrupted by the
angels or giants. Tim Chaffey in his book Fallen: The Sons of God and the
Nephilim says he believes Numbers 13:32 may refer to their cannibalism
(which is also mentioned in I Enoch) when it says it is a land that eateth
up the inhabitants. [Numbers 13:32 And they brought up an evil report of
the land which they had searched unto the children of Israel, saying, The
land, through which we have gone to search it, is a land that eateth up
the inhabitants thereof; and all the people that we saw in it are men of a
great stature.] I believe he may be correct.) In areas where the giants
were not in, then the Israelites were not given the command to kill all,
but usually just the men, but save the women and children and usually the
animals. Those not killed were to be made servants. Tim Chaffey also
mentions in his book how Satan had the giants start being in Hebron
possibly first since that is where Abraham, Isaac and Jacob all lived and
where Jacob and his family lived prior to going to Egypt. God said he
would bring Abraham's descendants back to where they came from so Satan
started with Hebron. Joshua 14:15, Joshua 15:13 and Joshua 21:11 mention
Kirjath-arba (Hebron) and then always mention the connection of Arba to
the Anakims with Arba being the father of Anak. (Joshua 14:15 And the name
of Hebron before was Kirjath-arba; which Arba was a great man among the
Anakims. And the land had rest from war.) (Joshua 15:13 ¶ And unto Caleb
the son of Jephunneh he gave a part among the children of Judah, according
to the commandment of the LORD to Joshua, even the city of Arba the father
of Anak, which city is Hebron.) (Joshua 21:11 And they gave them the city
of Arba the father of Anak, which city is Hebron, in the hill country of
Judah, with the suburbs thereof round about it.) Scripture tells us the
Anakims were giants. (Deuteronomy 2:10-11 The Emims dwelt therein in times
past, a people great, and many, and tall, as the Anakims; 11 Which also
were accounted giants, as the Anakims; but the Moabites call them Emims.)
[Deuteronomy 2:20-21 20 (That also was accounted a land of giants: giants
dwelt therein in old time; and the Ammonites call them Zamzummims; 21 A
people great, and many, and tall, as the Anakims; but the LORD destroyed
them before them; and they succeeded them, and dwelt in their stead:] Tim
Chaffey's book Fallen The Sons of God and the Nephilim is a great book on
this subject though I disagree with him not using the King James Bible.
The book is available at http://amazon.com. I wrote a review for it under
Kevin C.

The devil sent the angels to earth to try and pollute all of the
women to try and prevent the birth of the Lord Jesus and the Saviour of
mankind. The devil knew the Messiah would come by the seed of the woman
and not of man as the seed is normally passed. (Genesis 3:15 And I will
put enmity between thee and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed;
it shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel.). This is why he
went after the women and not the men. The devil thought if he could stop
the birth of Jesus he might have a chance to defeat God and prevent his
own doom. God destroyed all of the giants in the flood and the fallen evil
angels who participated in these sexual acts were sent to the bottomless
pit (only for angels) (II Peter 2:4 For if God spared not the angels that
sinned, but cast them down to hell, and delivered them into chains of
darkness, to be reserved unto judgment;). (Revelation 9:11 And they had a
king over them, which is the angel of the bottomless pit, whose name in
the Hebrew tongue is Abaddon, but in the Greek tongue hath his name
Apollyon.) I believe Abaddon or Apollyon is the angel who was the leader
of the angels who sinned with the women in Genesis 6. Many say he is
Satan, but Satan is not locked up yet and will not be sent to the
bottomless pit until after the great tribulation and at the start of the
millennium( (thousand year reign of Jesus on earth). (Revelation 20:1-3 1
And I saw an angel come down from heaven, having the key of the bottomless
pit and a great chain in his hand.
2 And he laid hold on the dragon, that old serpent, which is the Devil,
and Satan, and bound him a thousand years,
3 And cast him into the bottomless pit, and shut him up, and set a seal
upon him, that he should deceive the nations no more, till the thousand
years should be fulfilled: and after that he must be loosed a little
season.) Once the devil realized the Messiah would come through the
Israelites, he sent a second wave of angels to marry and corrupt women
again. This time he did not affect the whole earth, but only the area of
the Promised Land as given to Abraham since now he knew were the Messiah
would come from. This is why we read of the giants again after the flood,
but only in the land of Canaan, the future Promised Land of God's Chosen
People, the Jews. Satan had over 400 years to have them in that land to be
ready to try and stop Israel (from possessing the land and destroy them)
and the coming Messiah. The giants had all ways to enter into the future
Promised Land blocked off. (North, South, and East) {Great Sea which we
call the Mediterranean Sea was on the West} We see this in Genesis 6:4
where it says there were giants in the earth in those days, and also after
that. (Genesis 6:4 There were giants in the earth in those days; and also
after that, when the sons of God came in unto the daughters of men, and
they bare children to them, the same became mighty men which were of old,
men of renown.) The "and also after that" refers to this second irruption
(intrusion) of the fallen angels. This is why God commanded the Israelites
to totally exterminate the Canaanites and others in the land including
their animals since we also know evil spirits can also possess animals.
(Mark 5:12-13 12 And all the devils besought him, saying, Send us into the
swine, that we may enter into them.
13 And forthwith Jesus gave them leave. And the unclean spirits went out,
and entered into the swine: and the herd ran violently down a steep place
into the sea, (they were about two thousand;) and were choked in the
sea.).

Isaiah 26:14 may refer to the giants and says there is no
resurrection for the giants. It does not say giants in the English, but
the Hebrew word deceased refers to the Rephaim (who are mentioned as
giants in the Holy Bible and lived in the land of Canaan) (The Rephaim
were a tribe of the Canaanites and were giants). (From The Omega
Conspiracy by Pastor I.D.E. Thomas pages 69-70.) All of mankind will be
resurrected. Some people who believe in the Seth-Cain view say that God
would not prevent someone from getting saved. But Jesus came to earth as a
man and died for the sins of man for man's salvation. He did not die as an
angel (for angels) or mixed breeds (giants-[part angel and part man])
which is why they have no chance for salvation. (Hebrews 2:16 For verily
he took not on him the nature of angels; but he took on him the seed of
Abraham.) I believe that most likely the devils of the New Testament were
the spirits (maybe disembodied spirits) of the giants as since they were
half angel and half man they did not go directly to hell when they died in
the flood. Most people believe they are the same as fallen angels, but I
think this is why the devils always sought a body to possess whether a
person or animal such as the swine seen above in Mark 5:12-13. According
to Jewish tradition, the giants were more wicked than their dads the
fallen angels. This is often the case even with man. I believe the evil
spirits knew of the bottomless pit since their dads where locked up there.
This is why they asked if Jesus came to torment them before their time.
They know where they are going. (Matthew 8:29 And, behold, they cried out,
saying, What have we to do with thee, Jesus, thou Son of God? art thou
come hither to torment us before the time?) (Luke 8:31 And they besought
him that he would not command them to go out into the deep.) The deep in
scripture often refers to the sea or ocean, but I believe in this verse it
refers to the bottomless pit. The devils as spirits could not drown in
water, though the memory of the flood may haunt them, so it could possibly
refer to that. Angels have a body, so why would they need to always want
to possess a person or animal. They can do this to torment and control
people, but they do not need to. [Angels can possess both people and
animals, just as evil spirits can. Satan (a cherub {type of angel})
possessed the serpent that deceived Eve and possessed Judas Iscariot who
betrayed our Lord Jesus and will possess the antichrist during the great
tribulation.] No where in scripture does it say the bodies they had when
seen as men (angels are only men in scripture and I believe all are males
and no females) were bodies they took on temporarily. I believe these are
their real spiritual bodies. We know angels ate food when they appeared
before men and they also eat manna in heaven. (Psalm 78:24-25 24 And had
rained down manna upon them to eat, and had given them of the corn of
heaven. 25 Man did eat angels' food: he sent them meat to the full.) If
angels look like men and eat like men, why could not an angel have sex
like men if they chose to disobey God? If they look like men in all
appearance as to not be known to be an angel (Hebrews 13:2 Be not
forgetful to entertain strangers: for thereby some have entertained angels
unawares.), then they most likely also have the male private parts as
well. Scripture never says they are sexless, but always refers to them as
males. We are told in I Corinthians 15:40 that there are celestial bodies
and bodies terrestrial. I believe the celestial bodies not only speaks of
the sun, moon, stars and planets, et cetera, but also of angels. Angels
are often compared to stars in scripture. (I Corinthians 15:40 There are
also celestial bodies, and bodies terrestrial: but the glory of the
celestial is one, and the glory of the terrestrial is another.) (Job 38:7
When the morning stars sang together, and all the sons of God shouted for
joy?) (Isaiah 14:13 For thou hast said in thine heart, I will ascend into
heaven, I will exalt my throne above the stars of God: I will sit also
upon the mount of the congregation, in the sides of the north:) [This
verse refers to Lucifer who became Satan or the Devil who wanted to be
above all and be God.] (Revelation 1:20 The mystery of the seven stars
which thou sawest in my right hand, and the seven golden candlesticks. The
seven stars are the angels of the seven churches: and the seven
candlesticks which thou sawest are the seven churches.) (Revelation 12:4
And his tail drew the third part of the stars of heaven, and did cast them
to the earth: and the dragon stood before the woman which was ready to be
delivered, for to devour her child as soon as it was born.) People also
say angels do not have DNA so they could not reproduce with women.
Scripture does not say that. Animals have DNA and probably angels do as
well since they have a body as all things on earth with a body have DNA,
so most likely also spiritual bodies do too.

There are many Jewish historians including Josephus, and all said
Genesis 6:2 referred to angels. No one prior to Fifth Century A.D. ever
interpreted Genesis 6:2 sons of God as anything other than angels. Julius
Africanus first suggested the Seth-Cain theory in his book "The City of
God" in the 5^th century A.D. Josephus, who lived at the time of Paul, saw
some of the bones of the giants. He wrote of the story of fallen angels
marrying women of earth. He mentions the offspring's great strength and
extreme wickedness. He even says they resembled the acts of those men the
Grecians called giants. This is probably where the myth of the Titans and
other Greek demigods came from. Many myths from different nations speak of
giants and demi-gods. These myths are distorted, but based on fact.
Christians will say the reason there are flood myths everywhere is because
there was a real flood, but then will not apply this to the giant myths
because they do not want to believe them. I agree with them on the fact of
the flood myths and that there was a real global flood, but the same
applies to the giant myths [and also dragon myths as dragons were real and
were what we now call dinosaurs]. The giants were real as were their "god"
dads who were fallen angels. Many myths describe half man and half beasts
as well. Satanists who have become Christians speak of these beasts such
as werewolves being real. The book of Enoch, though not scripture does
mention the angels also having sex with animals producing strange beasts.
This may be why God also destroyed all the animals in the Genesis flood as
their DNA also had been corrupted. I believe scripture may hint at these
corrupt mixed beasts as well and this is why God commanded the animals
also to be destroyed. Satyrs are mentioned in Greek mythology as part
spirit man and part horse who were always trying to have sex with women.
Satyrs are also mentioned in scripture and may be similar to those of
Greek mythology which may have been based off of the real satyrs. (Isaiah
13:21 But wild beasts of the desert shall lie there; and their houses
shall be full of doleful creatures; and owls shall dwell there, and satyrs
shall dance there.) Notice this verse also mentions owls and desert
places. Many Satanic creatures often were and are in the desert and owls
are often connected to Satan including in UFO sightings which are devilish
(demonic). Deserts are void of water which the devils may not like because
of dying as giants in the flood. Deserts also lack the living water of
Jesus. Lilith (a female) in Jewish mythology supposedly had sex with a
devil and may be based off of the screech owl mentioned in scripture. As
mentioned earlier, owls often are connected to Satan and we see that the
screech owl is referred to as a female (herself). The screech owl is also
connected to the satyr. (Isaiah 34:14 The wild beasts of the desert shall
also meet with the wild beasts of the island, and the satyr shall cry to
his fellow; the screech owl also shall rest there, and find for herself a
place of rest.)

If when Moses wrote Genesis and he believed in the Seth-Cain theory,
then why did he not simply write the sons of Seth saw the daughters of
Cain? The sons of Seth are never referred to as the sons of God in
scripture. Genesis 6:12 says all flesh had corrupted his way upon the
earth. (Genesis 6:12 And God looked upon the earth, and, behold, it was
corrupt; for all flesh had corrupted his way upon the earth.) Marrying an
unsaved person is against God's command, but it will not corrupt all
flesh. An unequally yoked marriage (marriage between saved and unsaved)
never produces unusual offspring such as giants. (II Corinthians 6:14 Be
ye not unequally yoked together with unbelievers: for what fellowship hath
righteousness with unrighteousness? and what communion hath light with
darkness?) There are many marriages today between saved and unsaved
people. If the line of Seth was holy and believers, why was Noah's family
the only one saved? Should not other members of the line have been on the
ark? Was Noah's family really the only ones left who did not marry
unbelievers (line of Cain)? I do not think so. Some Jewish traditions even
say Noah's wife was a daughter from the line of Cain. Scripture does not
tell us so we cannot know, but if it is true it would make the whole
Seth-Cain theory a mute point. We are told that Noah had brothers and
sisters and that they either all died prior to the flood or most likely
they all drowned as unbelievers in the flood with the rest of the other
unsaved. So much for all of the line of Seth being godly. (Genesis 5:30
And Lamech lived after he begat Noah five hundred ninety and five years,
and begat sons and daughters:) People who believe in the Seth-Cain theory
never say anything about the sons or daughters from Adam and Eve's other
children. They had many more besides Seth and Cain. Were the children of
these other sons and daughters of Adam and Eve saved or unsaved and did
they intermarry with any from the line of Seth or Cain? Why ignore them?

I Timothy 3:16 says Jesus was seen of angels. This most likely refers
to when he preached to the angels in hell following his resurrection,
though it may also refer to angels having seen him from his birth
(incarnation) through his ministry and to his resurrection. The verse is
referring to Jesus when he came to earth as a man in the flesh, so it most
likely does not refer to the angels in heaven. (I Timothy 3:16 And without
controversy great is the mystery of godliness: God was manifest in the
flesh, justified in the Spirit, seen of angels, preached unto the
Gentiles, believed on in the world, received up into glory.)

I Peter 3:19-20 mention Jesus preaching to the spirits in prison and
then mentions Noah and the Flood to let you know what spirits in prison
are being referred to. (I Peter 3:19-20 19 By which also he went and
preached unto the spirits in prison;
20 Which sometime were disobedient, when once the longsuffering of God
waited in the days of Noah, while the ark was a preparing, wherein few,
that is, eight souls were saved by water.) The Greek word used here just
means Jesus made an announcement, not preach the gospel which is a
different Greek word. Jesus went to announce his triumph over the devil
and his angels.  His victory is given in chronological order in I Peter
3:18-22. (I Peter 3:18-22 18 For Christ also hath once suffered for sins,
the just for the unjust, that he might bring us to God, being put to death
in the flesh, but quickened by the Spirit:
19 By which also he went and preached unto the spirits in prison;
20 Which sometime were disobedient, when once the longsuffering of God
waited in the days of Noah, while the ark was a preparing, wherein few,
that is, eight souls were saved by water.
21 The like figure whereunto even baptism doth also now save us (not the
putting away of the filth of the flesh, but the answer of a good
conscience toward God,) by the resurrection of Jesus Christ:
22 Who is gone into heaven, and is on the right hand of God; angels and
authorities and powers being made subject unto him.) Verse 20 tells you
who the spirits were from verse 19. We know that it had to be the angels
referred to in Genesis 6 since it relates the spirits to Noah and the
flood. Spirits also cannot refer to the people who died in the flood since
an unsaved man can never be saved after death, so there was no need to
preach to them. Spirits in the Holy Bible refers to angels (holy and
fallen) and never man. Man has a spirit, but is not a spirit as angels
are.  (Psalm 104:4 Who maketh his angels spirits; his ministers a flaming
fire:) Other verses show how the words angels and spirits are used
interchangeably.

(I Corinthians 6:3 Know ye not that we shall judge angels? how much
more things that pertain to this life?) This verse says believers will
judge angels. Believers will judge all of the angels that rebelled against
God with Satan, but I believe there will be a special judgment by
believers on the angels that committed this atrocity with women to prevent
the coming of the Messiah Jesus and tried to prevent salvation for
mankind. This seems to hold true with God as well as these are the only
fallen angels locked up at this time.

There are other books besides the Holy Bible (scripture) which
mention the female-angelic breeding. The book of I Enoch is supposedly
quoted (though not word for word, more a paraphrase) in Jude verses 9
(maybe) and 14-15. (I Enoch 1:9, 5:4, and 27:2) It is not the inspired
word of God, but God obviously acknowledged its historical value. This
book spends many pages describing the angels coming to earth and
fornicating with earthly women. The book of I Enoch describes the fallen
angels as watchers. Another non biblical book that mentions the watchers
is Genesis Apocryphon. Daniel 4:13, 17, 23 mentions the watchers. (Daniel
4:13 I saw in the visions of my head upon my bed, and, behold, a watcher
and an holy one came down from heaven;) (Daniel 4:17 This matter is by the
decree of the watchers, and the demand by the word of the holy ones: to
the intent that the living may know that the most High ruleth in the
kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever he will, and setteth up over
it the basest of men.) (Daniel 4:23 And whereas the king saw a watcher and
an holy one coming down from heaven, and saying, Hew the tree down, and
destroy it; yet leave the stump of the roots thereof in the earth, even
with a band of iron and brass, in the tender grass of the field; and let
it be wet with the dew of heaven, and let his portion be with the beasts
of the field, till seven times pass over him;) These are possibly fallen
angels and maybe also holy angels. It might be some of the watchers fell
and became the angels who mated with women, but some remained holy and are
the ones mentioned in Daniel. Some people believe and I think it might be
possible that there is a congregation of the mighty or as some people
refer to as the divine council that was the model which the earthly 70
elders who helped Moses, the 70 members of the council (Sanhedrin) led by
the high priest, and possibly the 70 sent out by Jesus to perform miracles
(Luke 10:1-20). This heavenly council is believed to be led by God and 70
members including both holy and evil angels including Satan and maybe the
watchers. This may be why Satan was going to heaven in Job chapters 1 and
2 or it could have been just to accuse believers before God. It is
believed that God allows them to make decisions to "assist" God, but God
is always in control. This may or may not be true, but God is always in
full control. He allows angels just like with people to "assist" [such as
when people will rule and reign with Jesus during the Millennium), but God
really makes the decisions and is in full control. (Psalm 82:1 God
standeth in the congregation of the mighty; he judgeth among the gods.)
The book of Jubilees also mentions the watchers as does many other ancient
documents. The book of Jasher which is mentioned twice in scripture is
also an uninspired book, but again I believe God recognizes it as
historical and thus it is mentioned twice in scripture. It does not
mention the angels mating with women, but does mention the giants and also
talks of mixing with animals. (Joshua 10:13 And the sun stood still, and
the moon stayed, until the people had avenged themselves upon their
enemies. Is not this written in the book of Jasher? So the sun stood still
in the midst of heaven, and hasted not to go down about a whole day.) (II
Samuel 1:18 (Also he bade them teach the children of Judah the use of the
bow: behold, it is written in the book of Jasher.) Most of Greek and Roman
mythology and other mythology is probably based on these watchers as their
behaviors (sexual, et cetera), feats, et cetera resemble the giants of the
Holy Bible and they also have demi gods and half person and half animal
such as the minotaur which was half man and half bull. The giants are
mentioned in the apocrypha book of Baruch 3:26. The Koran (Quran) (False
book of Muslims) mentions that the virgins (of the 72 virgins for the men)
in heaven are women who have not had sex with men or angels. The Koran is
not inspired, but again shows how the sons of God having sex with women
and producing giants is known throughout the world. Many other cultures
have stories about those from heaven breeding with earthly women. Chuck
Missler in his book Alien Encounters said many American Indian tribes have
stories of giants that were killed in a great deluge and were evil towards
the Indians. Some tribes also have stories about the creators of their
tribes being star people who came to Earth. (One example is the Cherokees.
I spoke with a Cherokee chief who told me about the star people.) [Pg. 363
note 63]

It is possible that the devil (Satan) will try a third time to send
angels to earth to mix with women (Luke 17:26 And as it was in the days of
Noe, so shall it be also in the days of the Son of man.) [Noe is Greek
form of Noah], (Matthew 24:37 But as the days of Noe were, so shall also
the coming of the Son of man be.). Jesus was speaking in those two verses.
What was different about Noah's day than ours except the angelic
irruption? Today we have the wars, famines, pestilence, earthquakes, high
crime, homosexuality, sexual sins, et cetera that is mentioned elsewhere
in the Holy Bible (Matthew 24:6-7 And ye shall hear of wars and rumours of
wars: see that ye be not troubled: for all these things must come to pass,
but the end is not yet.
7 For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and
there shall be famines, and pestilences, and earthquakes, in divers
places.) that will be a sign of the end times. Daniel 2:43 as mentioned
above also seems to speak of a third time that angels will have sex with
women. We now await the last angelic irruption. I believe this may have
already started. I believe that some UFO (unidentified flying object)
[flying saucers] sightings are of devilish (demonic or Satanic) origin.
Most sightings can be explained as aircraft, natural phenomenon, or other
things, but about 1% or maybe a little more cannot be explained. These
sightings all defy gravity and other laws, which even aliens would have to
obey. When people claim to have encountered these beings they say they
smell of sulphur (sulfur), the same substance in hell and the lake of
fire. Those who have been abducted say the beings always bring up Jesus
and say he was just a man and deny the need for salvation by him and also
mention they always perform sexual experiments. Some women claim to have
been impregnated and then they abduct them again later to get the baby.
People who have called on the name of Jesus say the abductions always stop
at the mention of his name. These contacts with "aliens" have the same
characteristics as people who are possessed by devils. I believe the
experiments are being done to try and prevent giants, so the offspring can
blend in with normal people as well as to corrupt and pollute all of
mankind to try and have the whole world rebel against God and lose all
their faith. (Luke 18:8 I tell you that he will avenge them speedily.
Nevertheless when the Son of man cometh, shall he find faith on the
earth?) The UFO's might also be used to try and explain away the rapture
as the "aliens always claim Christians are preventing the earth from
becoming enlightened and need to be removed." I believe Satan himself will
have sex with a woman and produce the antichrist. (Genesis 3:15 And I will
put enmity between thee and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed;
it shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel.) In Genesis 3:15
it talks of her seed. Most agree that this refers to Mary and her seed
Jesus, but then when it says thy seed referring to Satan, then people try
to make this part of the verse symbolic by saying it refers to all
unbelievers. I do not agree with that. All of scripture is to be taken
literally unless it tells us it is symbolic. Why take the second half of
that verse literally with Mary and Jesus, but then deny that Satan will
have a literal child. Satan does not know when the time for the appearance
for the antichrist will be, so I believe he has at least one for every
generation and may include people such as Adolf Hitler and Joseph Stalin.
Satan himself will also possess the antichrist after he is resurrected at
the midpoint of the tribulation. Women that have been Satanists claim they
have had sex with Satan. The antichrist will most likely be from a Jewish
woman as the tribulation is meant as punishment against the Jews and the
Jews would not accept a Gentile Messiah. Also we are told he will not
regard the God of his fathers. In scripture the God of his fathers always
refers to the Jewish people and the true living God. This never refers to
the many false gods of the Gentiles. It may be the antichrist will also be
a homosexual as he has no desire for women. The antichrist who will be
possessed by Satan will proclaim himself to be God and demands worship.
(Daniel 11:37 Neither shall he regard the God of his fathers, nor the
desire of women, nor regard any god: for he shall magnify himself above
all.) UFO sightings have gone up greatly since Israel became a nation
again in May 1948. A good book on this subject is Unholy Communion by
David Ruffino available at www.amazon.com or other book stores. David
Ruffino has a website http://delusionresistance.org. David shows the
connection of how the Roman Catholic Church which is controlled by Satan
and not a true Christian church opens doors to being contacted by the
devilish spirits behind these UFO's and abduction as does drug use, rock
and roll music, occult practices, and other things. Two other good books
are Alien Encounters by Chuck Missler available at his website
http://www.alienencounters.com/ and Alien Intrusion by Gary Bates
available at bookstores. There is debate over whether the "aliens'
("extraterrestrials") are fallen angels or devils (spirits of the giants
that died). I Timothy 4:1 says in the latter times people will depart from
the faith and give heed to seducing spirits and doctrine of devils. (I
Timothy 4:1 Now the Spirit speaketh expressly, that in the latter times
some shall depart from the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits, and
doctrines of devils;) I believe this has several meanings, but one of them
is how people believe the New Age stuff taught by devils portraying
themselves as extraterrestrials or aliens in UFO's. They preach against
Jesus. Scripture says that just before the return of Jesus, the days will
be like in the days of Noah. The fallen angels gave man much knowledge
prior to the flood and David Ruffino in his book Unholy Communion on pages
56-57 thinks the same thing may be happening again today with them giving
us technology. This may be true. Gary Bates said in his book Alien
Intrusion on page 388 that there is a possibility that the hybrids (half
angel and half man) exist today, but then why are those angels not
imprisoned as well? Gary thinks it may be they are allowed to remain free
since the time of the end is close, just as they were free for awhile
prior to the flood. II Thessalonians 2 speaks of how the Holy Ghost
"restrains" Satan at this time, but in the future during the tribulation
he will let Satan and his angels and devils have much more freedom. As
Chuck Missler said on his website, the Holy Ghost may be "restraining" or
holding back much more evil than we are aware of such as the third angelic
irruption or more UFO's. We are told in Luke how men's hearts fail from
fear of those things coming on the earth. Satan's kingdom will be
unleashed on man during the tribulation. (Luke 21:25-26 25 ¶ And there
shall be signs in the sun, and in the moon, and in the stars; and upon the
earth distress of nations, with perplexity; the sea and the waves roaring;
26 Men's hearts failing them for fear, and for looking after those things
which are coming on the earth: for the powers of heaven shall be shaken.)
This all happens just before the Second Coming of our Lord Jesus to earth.
The hearts could fail because they see Jesus coming and know their doom is
imminent or it could refer to Satan and his angels being kicked out of
heaven for good and sent to the earth to torment mankind. It could refer
to both as the powers of heaven will definitely be shaken in either case.
As Chuck Missler said, until then keep the whole armour of God on us,
since we do not fight against flesh and blood. We are in a spiritual war.
(Ephesians 6:10-18 10 Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord, and in
the power of his might.
11 Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand against
the wiles of the devil.
12 For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities,
against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against
spiritual wickedness in high places.
13 Wherefore take unto you the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to
withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand.
14 Stand therefore, having your loins girt about with truth, and having on
the breastplate of righteousness;
15 And your feet shod with the preparation of the gospel of peace;
16 Above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to
quench all the fiery darts of the wicked.
17 And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is
the word of God:
18 Praying always with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit, and
watching thereunto with all perseverance and supplication for all saints;)
Most likely the fairies, elves, and other creatures of legend were of
devilish origin and the same as the "aliens". The fairies, elves, and
other beings were always thought of as evil until recently such as Santa's
elves. (Santa is Satan) Just as Satan can transform into an angel of
light, most likely can his fellow angels and/or devils. Scripture seems to
say just that. (II Corinthians 11:14-15 14 And no marvel; for Satan
himself is transformed into an angel of light. 15 Therefore it is no great
thing if his ministers also be transformed as the ministers of
righteousness; whose end shall be according to their works.)

Psalm 89:6 and Psalm 29:1 use sons of the mighty or mighty instead of
sons of God when referring to angels. (Psalm 89:6 For who in the heaven
can be compared unto the LORD? who among the sons of the mighty can be
likened unto the LORD?) (Psalm 29:1 Give unto the LORD, O ye mighty, give
unto the LORD glory and strength.) These verses show that no angel, not
even Satan himself nor the angels from Genesis 6 can compare to God. Psalm
29:1 shows how angels are referred to as mighty. Angels have great
strength and some of this was most likely passed onto their children, the
giants. Psalm 29:1 referring to angels as mighty also seems to back up the
congregation of the mighty as a council of angels led by God that "help"
rule as mentioned above. (Psalm 82:1 God standeth in the congregation of
the mighty; he judgeth among the gods.)

Job 4:18 says God charged his angels with folly. (Job 4:18 Behold, he
put no trust in his servants; and his angels he charged with folly:) This
could refer to all of the angels who rebelled against God with Satan or
the angels of Genesis 6 who had sex with women or both groups.

I believe Jesus descended bodily into hell [tarturus in the Greek]
(mentioned in II Peter 2:4) in the section known as the bottomless pit.
(also known as the abyss) He had to go in the body and not in the spirit
because he had to show the angels that were locked up there that he had
won and they were defeated. The reason these angels committed their sin
was to try and corrupt all of mankind and prevent Jesus coming as the
Messiah and Saviour of man. This is why they had to be locked up. God will
allow you to reject Jesus, but will not allow anyone to try to stop his
son from saving mankind. By going down there with his body, Jesus showed
the angels he had come as a man to earth and the angels had failed. The
angels had seen him in heaven as a Spirit, so that would not have proved
anything. I Peter 3:19 tells of Jesus preaching to the spirits in prison.
Spirits in the Bible only refers to the Spirit of God or angels, never
man. Man has a spirit, but is never referred to as a spirit. The only
angels in prison are the angels of Genesis 6:2. In John 20:17, Jesus tells
Mary Magdalene not to touch him since he had not ascended to his Father
yet. (John 20:17 Jesus saith unto her, Touch me not; for I am not yet
ascended to my Father: but go to my brethren, and say unto them, I ascend
unto my Father, and your Father; and to my God, and your God.) Jesus most
likely did not have his glorified body yet, (nor had he placed his blood
on the heavenly mercy seat yet, so he could not be touched and corrupted)
but still talked with Mary Magdalene. Jesus was in his body already and we
know his body was missing from the tomb. His body was missing for those
three days while he was in the tomb and during that time he was in hell
preaching to the angels. Jesus was not preaching to the people who were
rebellious during Noah's time just before the flood as some believe and
Jesus also did not come in the preincarnate to preach to man along with
Noah prior to the flood as some believe. As previously mentioned, spirits
refers to angels not man so he could not be preaching to the men that
perished in the flood. Jesus also does not give people a second chance to
repent and receive Jesus as their Saviour after they die. When you die it
is too late to get saved. (Hebrews 9:27 And as it is appointed unto men
once to die, but after this the judgment:) Also why would Jesus only give
the people prior to the flood a second chance and no one else? Jesus' body
was not corrupted by going to the bottomless pit (hell) just as scripture
said it would not. (Psalm 16:1 For thou wilt not leave my soul in hell;
neither wilt thou suffer thine Holy One to see corruption.) (Acts 13:37
But he, whom God raised again, saw no corruption.) The Jews believed that
one's body began to decay or be corrupted on the fourth day after death
such as when Jesus brought Lazarus back to life. (John 11:17 Then when
Jesus came, he found that he had lain in the grave four days already.)
(John 11:39 Jesus said, Take ye away the stone. Martha, the sister of him
that was dead, saith unto him, Lord, by this time he stinketh: for he hath
been dead four days.) Jesus was only dead for three days and did not have
his glorified body yet.

══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════

Search for: _____________________  [ Search ]

Recent Comments

Archives

Categories

• No categories

Meta

• Log in
• Entries feed
• Comments feed
• WordPress.org

Created my free logo at LogoMakr.com

Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

Copyright (c) 2024 Jesus is God and Lord Ministries | Credits
Powered by Jesus is God and Lord Ministries

